{"content": "What is the total number of employees at BP as of December 2018?", "summary": "BP had a total of 73,000 employees as of December 2018."}

{"content": "What was the percentage increase in BP's profit attributable to shareholders in 2018 compared to 2017?", "summary": "BP's profit attributable to shareholders increased by 176% in 2018 compared to 2017."}

{"content": "How does BP contribute to reducing emissions while meeting the increasing energy demand?", "summary": "BP contributes to reducing emissions by investing in renewable energy sources, implementing energy efficiency measures, and developing low carbon businesses. They also promote the use of natural gas, which has lower carbon emissions compared to other fossil fuels."}

{"content": "How many retail sites does BP operate globally?", "summary": "BP operates a total of 18,700 retail sites globally."}

{"content": "What was the replacement ratio of BP's proved reserves in 2018?", "summary": "BP's replacement ratio of proved reserves in 2018 was 100%."}

{"content": "Can you provide examples of BP's activities in renewable energy?", "summary": "BP has invested in electric vehicle technology, partnered with Lightsource BP for solar projects, and developed deepwater gas fields in India. They are also exploring opportunities in advanced mobility and have a focus on low-carbon ambitions."}

{"content": "How many major projects were started by BP in 2018?", "summary": "BP started six major projects in 2018."}

{"content": "What was the tier 1 process safety events number for BP in 2018?", "summary": "BP had 16 tier 1 process safety events in 2018."}

{"content": "How does BP ensure safety and reliability in its operations?", "summary": "BP ensures safety and reliability through a strong operating culture, prioritizing safety in all aspects of their operations, and investing in the development and training of their employees. They also have stringent safety measures and protocols in place."}

{"content": "What is the percentage of market share of BP in natural gas trading in North America?", "summary": "The percentage of market share of BP in natural gas trading in North America is not mentioned in the provided content."}{"content": "What was the underlying profit for BP in 2018?", "summary": "BP more than doubled their underlying profit in 2018 compared to the previous year, reaching $9.4 billion."}

{"content": "What was the largest deal that BP secured in 2018?", "summary": "BP's biggest deal in 20 years was the acquisition of BHP's world-class unconventional oil and gas onshore US assets."}

{"content": "How many employees in BP are eligible for an annual cash bonus?", "summary": "Around 36,000 employees in BP are eligible for an annual cash bonus, and their rewards are linked to the company's emissions reduction targets."}

{"content": "What is the projected energy consumption increase by 2040 according to the evolving transition scenario?", "summary": "In the evolving transition scenario, energy demand is expected to increase by a third by 2040, driven mainly by India, China, and other developing Asian economies."}

{"content": "What percentage of all energy consumption is estimated to be accounted for by renewables in 2040?", "summary": "In the evolving transition scenario, renewables are estimated to account for 15% of all energy consumption in 2040, with the potential for even higher percentages in other scenarios."}

{"content": "What is the projected increase in CO2 emissions from energy use by 2040 according to the evolving transition scenario?", "summary": "According to the evolving transition scenario, CO2 emissions from energy use are projected to increase by 7% by 2040."}

{"content": "What is the projected decline in oil demand by 2040 in the rapid transition scenario?", "summary": "In the rapid transition scenario, oil demand is projected to decrease by 14 million barrels per day (Mb/d) by 2040."}

{"content": "How is BP working to reduce emissions and create new low carbon businesses?", "summary": "BP is making bold changes across its entire business to reduce emissions, improve products to help customers reduce their own emissions, and create new low carbon businesses. This is achieved through their 'reduce, improve, create' (RIC) framework, which is backed up by clear targets."}

{"content": "How does BP plan to meet the dual challenge of increasing energy demand and reducing emissions?", "summary": "BP's strategy involves a balanced portfolio with advantaged oil and gas, a competitive downstream sector, and a range of low carbon activities. They believe this approach gives them optionality whatever path the transition takes."}

{"content": "What are the key uncertainties surrounding the global energy transition out to 2040 according to the BP Energy Outlook?", "summary": "The BP Energy Outlook acknowledges key uncertainties in the global energy transition, and these include factors such as government policies, technology advancements, and evolving social preferences."}{"content": "How many major projects did BP start up in 2018?", 
"summary": "BP started up six major projects in 2018, making a significant contribution to the expected new production from major project start-ups between 2016 and 2021, which is estimated to be 900,000 barrels per day."}

{"content": "What is the growth rate of Lightsource BP's presence in different countries since December 2017?", 
"summary": "Since December 2017, Lightsource BP has doubled the number of countries where it has a presence. This growth demonstrates their expanding global reach and commitment to renewable energy."}

{"content": "How does BP plan to advance a low carbon future across its entire business?", 
"summary": "BP is committed to advancing a low carbon future across its entire business. They aim to achieve this by reducing emissions in their operations, improving their products and services, and creating low carbon businesses. BP's strategy focuses on embracing renewable energy, such as solar, wind, and biofuels, while actively managing their carbon footprint."}

{"content": "How many BP-branded retail sites are there in Mexico?", 
"summary": "Currently, BP has expanded its network to 440 BP-branded retail sites in Mexico. This demonstrates BP's growth and presence in the Mexican market."}

{"content": "What is the expected new production from major project start-ups between 2016 and 2021?", 
"summary": "Between 2016 and 2021, BP expects a significant new production of 900,000 barrels per day from major project start-ups. This demonstrates their focus on increasing their production capacity and meeting the rising demand for energy."}

{"content": "How does BP ensure safety and improve operating performance?", 
"summary": "Safety is one of BP's core values and their number one priority. They are focused on being systematic, disciplined, and process-driven to ensure a safe working environment. BP believes that a safe business not only protects people but also improves operating performance and financial outcomes. In recent years, BP has seen a decline in safety events and has increased reliability in their upstream plant and availability in their downstream refining operations."}

{"content": "How many additional REWE to Go retail sites did BP open in Germany?", 
"summary": "BP has opened more than 220 additional REWE to Go retail sites in Germany. This brings the total number of convenience partnership sites to approximately 1,400 across BP's global retail network."}

{"content": "What is the percentage increase in BP's dividend in 2018?", 
"summary": "In 2018, BP announced a 2.5% increase in its dividend. This demonstrates BP's commitment to growing distributions to shareholders and their confidence in their financial performance."}

{"content": "How does BP manage its portfolio to remain resilient in a changing world?", 
"summary": "BP actively manages its portfolio to remain resilient in a changing world. They have enough flexibility to reshape their business and balance sheet in around 10 years if needed. This allows BP to monitor changing trends and legislation, providing them with the option to adjust their portfolio and adapt to the future."}

{"content": "How many ordinary shares did BP buy back in 2018?", 
"summary": "In 2018, BP bought back 50 million ordinary shares at a cost of $355 million, including fees and stamp duty. This demonstrates BP's commitment to their share buyback program and returning value to their shareholders."}{"content": "What was the total dividend distributed to BP shareholders in 2018?", "summary": "In 2018, BP distributed a total dividend of $8.1 billion to its shareholders."}

{"content": "How many ordinary shares did BP buy back in 2018?", "summary": "In 2018, BP bought back 50 million ordinary shares as part of its share buyback program."}

{"content": "What was the cost of BP's share buyback program in 2018?", "summary": "The share buyback program in 2018 cost BP $355 million, including fees and stamp duty."}

{"content": "What was BP's gearing at the end of 2018?", "summary": "BP's gearing at the end of 2018 was 30.3%."}

{"content": "What was the growth rate of BP's free cash flow in 2018?", "summary": "The growth rate of BP's free cash flow in 2018 is not specified in the provided content."}

{"content": "What was the organic cash break-even oil price for BP in 2018?", "summary": "BP's organic cash break-even oil price in 2018 was $50 per barrel on a full dividend basis, after adjusting for a working capital build in the year."}

{"content": "How much did BP spend on capital expenditure in 2018?", "summary": "BP spent $15.1 billion on capital expenditure in 2018, which is at the bottom end of their guidance range of $15-17 billion per year."}

{"content": "What was the growth rate of BP's return on average capital employed (ROACE) from 2017 to 2018?", "summary": "The growth rate of BP's return on average capital employed (ROACE) from 2017 to 2018 is not specified in the provided content."}

{"content": "Can you tell us about any major project start-ups by BP in 2018?", "summary": "In 2018, BP had several major project start-ups, including Atoll Phase 1 in Egypt, Clair Ridge in the UK North Sea, Thunder Horse Northwest Expansion in the deepwater Gulf of Mexico, and Taas-Yuryakh expansion in Eastern Siberia, among others."}

{"content": "How does BP assess its performance and what key performance indicators (KPIs) does it use?", "summary": "BP assesses its performance using a wide range of measures and indicators that are consistent with its strategy. Key performance indicators (KPIs) include financial and non-financial metrics that help evaluate operating performance, make financial and strategic decisions, and assess performance against strategic priorities and business plans."}

{"content": "What measures are used for executive remuneration at BP?", "summary": "Executive remuneration at BP is based on measures such as safety, reliable operations, financial performance, shareholder value, capital discipline, and future growth."}

{"content": "How has BP's performance in tier 1 process safety events changed over the years?", "summary": "BP has seen a slight decrease in tier 1 process safety events over the years, but they remain focused on achieving better results today and in the future."}1. Q: What is the primary containment of greatest consequence?
   A: The primary containment of greatest consequence refers to incidents that cause harm to a member of the workforce, result in costly damage to equipment, or exceed defined quantities. These incidents pose significant risks and consequences for the organization.

2. Q: What is the trend in tier 1 process safety events?
   A: The trend in tier 1 process safety events shows a slight decrease in recent years. However, there is a continuous focus on improving results and achieving better performance in terms of process safety events.

3. Q: How does BP measure reported recordable injury frequency?
   A: BP measures reported recordable injury frequency (RIF) by tracking the number of reported work-related employee and contractor incidents resulting in a fatality or injury per 200,000 hours worked. This measurement helps BP assess and monitor the safety of its workforce.

4. Q: What is the total shareholder return (TSR) based on?
   A: Total shareholder return (TSR) represents the change in value of a BP shareholding over a calendar year. It takes into account the assumption that dividends are reinvested to purchase additional shares at the closing price on the ex-dividend date.

5. Q: What is the trend in return on average capital employed (%)?
   A: The trend in return on average capital employed (%) shows variations over the years. It reflects the company's capital efficiency and factors in the underlying RC profit after adding back net interest by average capital employed, excluding cash and goodwill.

6. Q: How does operating cash flow affect BP's financial performance?
   A: Operating cash flow plays a significant role in BP's financial performance. It represents the net cash flow provided by operating activities, excluding amounts related to the Gulf of Mexico oil spill. Operating cash flow is influenced by factors such as business results, oil prices, and working capital, and improvements in this area can positively impact BP's financial performance.

7. Q: What is the underlying RC profit measure used for?
   A: The underlying RC profit measure is a key indicator used by BP to assess performance. It helps management understand the underlying trends in operational performance on a comparable year-on-year basis. It reflects the replacement cost of inventories sold and makes adjustments for non-operating items and fair value accounting effects.

8. Q: What is the trend in greenhouse gas emissions?
   A: The trend in greenhouse gas emissions shows a decrease over the years. BP has taken various actions to reduce emissions, such as improving energy efficiency, capturing and exporting gas, and implementing operational changes to minimize environmental impact.

9. Q: How does refining availability impact Downstream businesses?
   A: Refining availability is an important indicator of the operational performance of BP's Downstream businesses. It represents the percentage of the year that a refining unit is available for processing after deducting downtime for maintenance and other factors. Higher refining availability indicates better operational performance and can contribute to improved financial results.

10. Q: What are major projects and how are they monitored by BP?
    A: Major projects are strategic investments undertaken by BP with a minimum net investment of $250 million or those considered of strategic importance or high complexity. BP closely monitors the progress of these projects to ensure timely execution. The company assesses whether the core pipeline of projects is being delivered on schedule and ensures that sufficient resources are allocated to complete them successfully.1. {"content": "Data query: What were the average crude oil prices in 2018?", "summary": "The average crude oil prices in 2018 were $71.31 per barrel. Although it was a second consecutive annual increase, it was still significantly below the average of over $110 seen in 2011-2013. Prices reached their annual peak near $85 in October and ended the year at their annual low point of about $50."}

2. {"content": "Data statistical analysis: What was the growth rate of global oil consumption in 2018 compared to the previous year?", "summary": "Global oil consumption in 2018 increased by 1.3 million barrels per day (mmb/d), which is a growth rate of 1.3%. This marked the fourth consecutive year of increase greater than the 10-year average. The growth was primarily driven by lower than average oil prices and stronger world economic growth. Both Asia's emerging economies and OECD countries saw an increase in oil demand."}

3. {"content": "Open question: Can you provide an overview of the global energy market situation in 2018?", "summary": "In 2018, the global energy market saw average crude oil prices increase, but they remained lower compared to previous years. Coordinated production restraint by OPEC and non-OPEC countries, coupled with robust global demand growth, countered the record growth in US production. The world economy grew at 3%, slightly lower than the previous year, with growth in advanced and emerging economies decelerating due to factors such as natural disasters, trade disputes, and softening global trade."}

4. {"content": "Data query: How much did global oil production increase in 2018?", "summary": "Global oil production increased by a robust 2.6 million barrels per day (mmb/d) in 2018, reaching an average of 100.0 mmb/d. The growth was mainly driven by non-OPEC countries, which accounted for all of the increase. The United States saw record production growth of 2.2 mmb/d, while OPEC production declined slightly. However, OPEC production started to recover later in the year."}

5. {"content": "Data statistical analysis: What was the percentage change in Asian gas prices from 2017 to 2018?", "summary": "Asian gas prices increased from $7.13/mmBtu in 2017 to $9.76/mmBtu in 2018, reflecting a percentage change of approximately 36.8%. The increase was driven by higher oil, coal, and CO2 prices, as well as a relatively tight liquefied natural gas (LNG) market. Asian gas prices experienced fluctuations throughout the year, with a peak above $10/mmBtu during summer and a drop to below $9/mmBtu towards the end of the year."}

6. {"content": "Open question: How did the BHP acquisition impact the financial performance of BP in 2018?", "summary": "The BHP acquisition had a significant impact on BP's financial performance in 2018. It contributed to the significant growth in earnings, cash flow, and returns. The strong cash flow growth supported the balance sheet as BP absorbed the acquisition and implemented divestments of over $10 billion over the next two years. The acquisition played a crucial role in driving BP's financial performance in 2018."}

7. {"content": "Data query: What was the underlying replacement cost profit of BP in 2017?", "summary": "The underlying replacement cost profit of BP in 2017 was $6.2 billion. This represents a significant increase compared to previous years and reflects the positive impact of various factors on BP's financial performance, including higher oil and gas prices and increased production. It also signifies the successful implementation of strategic initiatives and operations."}

8. {"content": "Data statistical analysis: What was the percentage increase in operating cash flow for BP from 2017 to 2018?", "summary": "BP's operating cash flow increased by approximately 20.6% from $18.9 billion in 2017 to $22.9 billion in 2018. This substantial growth indicates improved financial performance and demonstrates BP's ability to generate and manage cash effectively. The increase in operating cash flow was driven by various factors, including higher oil and gas prices, increased production, and successful operational strategies."}

9. {"content": "Open question: Can you explain the factors that contributed to the significant growth in earnings and cash flow for BP?", "summary": "The significant growth in earnings and cash flow for BP can be attributed to several key factors. These include higher oil and gas prices, increased production, successful implementation of strategic initiatives and operational efficiencies, the impact of the BHP acquisition, and the execution of divestment plans. These factors combined to generate strong financial performance and support BP's growth trajectory."}

10. {"content": "Data query: How much did BP's profit increase from 2016 to 2017?", "summary": "BP's profit increased from $115 million in 2016 to $3.4 billion in 2017. This significant growth reflects improved financial performance and underscores the positive impact of various factors, including higher oil and gas prices, increased production, and successful execution of strategic initiatives. The increase in profit demonstrates BP's ability to generate sustainable earnings and create value for its shareholders."}1. Data query question: What were BP's corporate income taxes in 2018 compared to 2017?
   Answer: In 2018, BP's corporate income taxes amounted to $7,145 million, compared to $3,712 million in 2017. The increase in taxes reflects the higher level of profit generated in 2018.

2. Data statistical analysis question: What was the percentage increase in net cash provided by operating activities from 2017 to 2018?
   Answer: The percentage increase in net cash provided by operating activities from 2017 to 2018 was approximately 21.5%. In 2018, the net cash provided by operating activities was $22.9 billion, while in 2017, it was $18.9 billion.

3. Open question: How did the Gulf of Mexico oil spill impact BP's working capital in 2018?
   Answer: The Gulf of Mexico oil spill had an adverse impact on BP's working capital in 2018. Specifically, the oil spill led to a working capital impact of $4.8 billion, which includes a $3.1 billion impact directly related to the spill and a $1.7 billion adverse effect from other working capital factors.

4. Data query question: How much was BP's net cash used in investing activities in 2017?
   Answer: BP's net cash used in investing activities in 2017 amounted to $14.1 billion. This represents the cash outflow from investments made by BP during the year.

5. Data statistical analysis question: What was the gross debt ratio at the end of 2018?
   Answer: The gross debt ratio at the end of 2018 was 39.3%. This indicates that BP's gross debt accounted for approximately 39.3% of its total assets at the end of the year.

6. Open question: Can you explain BP's strategy for reducing its net debt in the coming years?
   Answer: BP's strategy for reducing its net debt in the coming years revolves around generating substantial free cash flow and actively managing its capital structure. BP aims to achieve a net debt ratio within its targeted range of 20-30% by 2020, supported by divestment proceeds and increased cash flow from operations.

7. Data query question: What was the total dividend paid to shareholders in 2018?
   Answer: In 2018, BP paid a total dividend of $8.1 billion to its shareholders. This represents a dividend distribution of 40.50 cents per share.

8. Data statistical analysis question: What was the percentage change in BP's estimated net proved reserves from 2016 to 2018?
   Answer: From 2016 to 2018, BP's estimated net proved reserves experienced a growth of approximately 12.2%. This increase reflects the acquisition of additional reserves and successful exploration efforts.

9. Open question: How does BP plan to finance its organic capital expenditure in 2019?
   Answer: BP plans to finance its organic capital expenditure in 2019 primarily through cash generated from existing operations. The company expects the majority of its funding requirements for new investments to come from cash flow, supported by growing free cash flow and divestment proceeds.

10. Data query question: How much did BP's production of natural gas increase from 2016 to 2017?
    Answer: BP's production of natural gas increased by approximately 11.8% from 2016 to 2017. In 2017, BP produced an average of 8,659 million cubic feet per day (mmcf/d), compared to 7,744 mmcf/d in 2016.{"content": "How much did BP's hydrocarbon proved reserves increase by in 2018 compared to 2017?", 
"summary": "BP's hydrocarbon proved reserves increased by 8% in 2018 compared to 2017. The increase includes a net increase of 1,498mmboe from acquisitions and disposals within their subsidiaries and equity-accounted entities."}

{"content": "What was the percentage increase in hydrocarbon production for BP in 2018 compared to 2017?", 
"summary": "BP's hydrocarbon production increased by 2% in 2018 compared to 2017. The increase consisted of an 8% increase for subsidiaries and a 5% decrease for equity-accounted entities."}

{"content": "What are BP's main activities in the Upstream segment?", 
"summary": "In the Upstream segment, BP is responsible for oil and natural gas exploration, field development, and production. They have five global technical and operating functions including the global wells organization, global projects organization, exploration function, reservoir development function, and global operations organization."}

{"content": "How many new exploration access did BP obtain in 2018?", 
"summary": "BP obtained 7 new exploration access in 2018, compared to 28,000km2 in 2017. These access opportunities were acquired in the Permian-Delaware basin in West Texas."}

{"content": "What was the percentage increase in BP's upstream plant reliability in 2018 compared to 2017?", 
"summary": "BP's upstream plant reliability in 2018 was 295.7% higher than in 2017. This increase signifies the successful completion of turnarounds and major project start-ups."}

{"content": "How does BP plan to reduce greenhouse gas emissions through its gas portfolio?", 
"summary": "BP aims to reduce greenhouse gas emissions by taking a leadership role in tackling the challenge of methane. They believe that natural gas, which they produce and trade, is a lever for reducing emissions. By focusing on methane reduction, BP aims to contribute to reducing overall greenhouse gas emissions."}

{"content": "How much was BP's sales and other operating revenues in 2018?", 
"summary": "BP's sales and other operating revenues in 2018 amounted to $56,399 million, compared to $45,440 million in 2017."}

{"content": "What was the average price per barrel of crude oil for BP in 2018?", 
"summary": "The average price per barrel of crude oil for BP in 2018 was $67.81, compared to $51.71 in 2017. This reflects the market prices for Brent and West Texas Intermediate crude oil."}

{"content": "How is BP transforming its US onshore oil and gas business?", 
"summary": "BP is transforming its US onshore oil and gas business through the acquisition of world-class unconventional assets from BHP. This acquisition includes access to the Permian-Delaware basin, the Eagle Ford basin, and the Haynesville basin. Their goal is to upgrade and reposition their US Lower 48 business, now known as BPX Energy, by increasing liquid hydrocarbon production and leveraging innovative technologies."}

{"content": "How many drilling sites does BP have in the Permian-Delaware basin in West Texas?", 
"summary": "BP has around 3,400 drilling sites in the Permian-Delaware basin in West Texas. This basin covers an area of 83,000 acres and contributes to BP's current production of approximately 29,000boe/d, with a majority being liquids."}1. Q: What were the average Brent crude oil prices in 2018?
   A: The average Brent crude oil prices in 2018 were $71.31 per barrel.

2. Q: How much did Henry Hub prices decrease in 2018?
   A: Henry Hub prices decreased from $3.11/mmBtu in 2017 to $3.09/mmBtu in 2018.

3. Q: How much did sales and other operating revenues increase in 2018 compared to 2017?
   A: Sales and other operating revenues increased in 2018 compared to 2017, primarily reflecting higher liquids realizations, higher production, and higher gas marketing and trading revenues.

4. Q: What was the net non-operating charge for the segment in 2018?
   A: The net non-operating charge for the segment in 2018 was $183 million, primarily due to impairment charges associated with certain assets, changes in reserves estimates, and disposal of assets.

5. Q: How much was the organic capital expenditure in 2018?
   A: The organic capital expenditure in 2018 was $12.0 billion.

6. Q: What was the percentage increase in global oil demand in 2018?
   A: Global oil demand in 2018 recorded a fourth consecutive above-average increase, growing by 1.3 million barrels per day (mmb/d).

7. Q: How much did global production increase in 2018 and where did the increase come from?
   A: Global production increased by a robust 2.6 mmb/d in 2018, with all of the increase coming from non-OPEC countries, particularly the US with a record production growth of 2.2 mmb/d.

8. Q: What was the impact of fair value accounting effects on the 2018 financial results?
   A: Fair value accounting effects had an adverse impact of $39 million on the 2018 financial results, relative to management's view of performance.

9. Q: How did the underlying replacement cost result before interest and tax in 2018 compare to 2017?
   A: After adjusting for non-operating items and fair value accounting effects, the underlying replacement cost result before interest and tax was significantly higher in 2018 compared to 2017. This primarily reflected higher liquids and gas realizations, higher production, and lower exploration write-offs.

10. Q: What factors contributed to the increase in Upstream capital investment in 2019?
    A: The increase in Upstream capital investment in 2019 is expected to be mainly driven by increased presence in the onshore US and the start-up of five new major projects.{"content": "How many major project start-ups did BP achieve in 2018?", "summary": "BP achieved six major project start-ups in 2018, including projects in Azerbaijan, Australia, the Gulf of Mexico, Egypt, Russia, and the UK North Sea. Progress was also made on projects in Trinidad, Egypt, and the UK North Sea."}

{"content": "What is the percentage of non-controlling interest in BP Trinidad & Tobago LLC?", "summary": "BP holds a 30% non-controlling interest in BP Trinidad & Tobago LLC. This represents a total of 12 million barrels of oil and 1,573 billion cubic feet of natural gas."}

{"content": "Where did BP achieve the first gas production in February 2019?", "summary": "BP achieved the first gas production in February 2019 at the Angelin project in Trinidad."}

{"content": "What was the total development expenditure incurred by BP's subsidiaries in 2018?", "summary": "BP's subsidiaries incurred a total development expenditure of $9.9 billion in 2018, excluding midstream activities."}

{"content": "What was the average base decline in BP's production over the past five years?", "summary": "BP has maintained an average base decline of less than 3% on average over the last five years."}

{"content": "How much higher was the total hydrocarbon production for BP in 2018 compared to 2017?", "summary": "BP's total hydrocarbon production in 2018 was 3.0% higher compared to 2017. This increase consisted of a 7.6% increase in subsidiaries' production and a 30.0% decrease in equity-accounted entities' production."}

{"content": "What was the percentage decrease in equity-accounted entities' hydrocarbon production in 2018?", "summary": "Equity-accounted entities' hydrocarbon production decreased by 30.0% in 2018 compared to the previous year."}

{"content": "How many long-term sales commitments does BP have in their various business activities?", "summary": "BP and its equity-accounted entities have numerous long-term sales commitments in their various business activities. While no single contract or group of contracts is material to the group, these commitments are expected to be sourced from supplies available to the group."}

{"content": "How does BP ensure safe and reliable operations in their downstream segment?", "summary": "Safety and reliability remain BP's core value and first priority in their downstream segment. They drive improvements in personal and process safety performance and have achieved an increase in plant reliability from 86% in 2011 to 96% in 2018."}

{"content": "What is BP's strategy to deliver underlying earnings growth and build competitively advantaged businesses?", "summary": "BP's strategy is to run safe and reliable operations, supported by leading brands and technologies, to deliver high-quality products and services that meet customer needs. They aim to achieve underlying earnings growth and build competitively advantaged businesses."}1. Q: How many convenience partnership sites did BP increase in 2018?
   A: In 2018, BP increased the number of convenience partnership sites by over 25%, adding approximately 350 sites to reach a total of around 1,400 sites across their network. The majority of this growth was seen in Germany, where their strategic partnership with REWE to Go® expanded rapidly, with over 230 new sites opened in 2018.

2. Q: What was the growth rate of lubricant sales in 2017?
   A: In 2017, BP experienced significant growth in lubricant sales, with a growth rate of over 10%. This growth was primarily driven by the increased demand for premium-grade lubricants, which accounted for 1,100 out of the total lubricant sales.

3. Q: Can you provide an overview of BP's financial performance in 2018?
   A: In 2018, BP reported strong financial performance. Sales and other operating revenues reached $270.7 billion, representing an increase compared to $219.9 billion in 2017. Replacement cost profit before interest and tax, a key measure of profitability, amounted to $7.6 billion. The fuels business contributed $5.3 billion, the lubricants business contributed $1.1 billion, and the petrochemicals business contributed $0.6 billion to the overall profit.

4. Q: How many barrels of oil did BP refine per day in 2017?
   A: In 2017, BP had an impressive refining capacity, refining approximately 95.3 million barrels of oil per day. This high refining availability allowed BP to ensure a reliable supply of refined petroleum products to meet customer demands.

5. Q: What was the percentage increase in convenience partnership sites?
   A: BP experienced a remarkable increase in convenience partnership sites, with a growth rate of over 25% in 2018. This means that the number of convenience partnership sites increased by around one-fourth during that year.

6. Q: How are BP's fuels marketing business and convenience partnerships contributing to its growth?
   A: BP's fuels marketing business, which comprises retail, business-to-business, and aviation fuels, has played a significant role in the company's growth. Through differentiated marketing offers and strategic convenience partnerships, BP has been able to expand its market share and attract more customers. These partnerships and marketing efforts have generated higher returns and reliable profit growth for BP.

7. Q: What were the sales and other operating revenues in 2018?
   A: In 2018, BP recorded sales and other operating revenues of $270.7 billion. This significant revenue was primarily driven by the sale of crude oil through spot and term contracts, which accounted for $62.5 billion, and marketing, spot, and term sales of refined products, which contributed $195 billion.

8. Q: What was the net non-operating gain in the fuels business in 2017?
   A: In the fuels business, BP reported a net non-operating gain of $621 million in 2017. This gain was primarily due to favorable restructuring costs and fair value accounting effects. It reflects the company's ability to navigate challenges and optimize their operations in the fuels business.

9. Q: What are BP's plans and outlook for 2019?
   A: Looking ahead to 2019, BP anticipates lower industry refining margins, narrower North American heavy crude oil discounts, and a lower level of turnaround activity compared to 2018. The company's strategic focus will continue to be on their fuels business, aiming to build an advantaged refining portfolio through operating reliability, efficiency, and commercial optimization. They also plan to leverage their strong marketing positions and strategic convenience partnerships to drive growth.

10. Q: How many refineries does BP own or have a share in?
    A: As of December 31, 2018, BP owns or has a share in 11 refineries worldwide. These refineries produce refined petroleum products that BP supplies to both retail and commercial customers. The refineries are an essential part of BP's downstream operations and contribute to their overall refining and marketing capabilities.{"content": "What were the refinery throughputs in Europe in 2017?", "summary": "The refinery throughputs in Europe were 781 thousand barrels per day in 2017."}

{"content": "What was the percentage of refining availability in 2016?", "summary": "The percentage of refining availability in 2016 was 95.3%."}

{"content": "Can you explain the factors that contribute to the growth of BP's retail business?", "summary": "The growth of BP's retail business is driven by their strong market positions, brands, and distinctive customer offers. Additionally, partnerships, advanced fuels, the use of digital technology, and customer relationships contribute to their growth in existing markets and their expansion into new material markets."}

{"content": "What were the total refined product sales in 2018?", "summary": "The total refined product sales in 2018 were 5,930 thousand barrels per day."}

{"content": "How many BP-branded retail sites were there in the US in 2017?", "summary": "There were 7,200 BP-branded retail sites in the US in 2017."}

{"content": "What steps is BP taking to transition to a lower carbon and digitally enabled future?", "summary": "BP is actively implementing and developing new offers and business models centered around digital and advanced mobility trends. They are investing in electric vehicle charging networks, ultra-fast charging battery technology, and mobile rapid charging systems. Their ambition is to become the leading fuel provider for both conventional and electric vehicles."}

{"content": "How many barrels per day of crude oil were sold in 2016?", "summary": "Barrels per day of crude oil sold in 2016 were not specified in the given content."}

{"content": "What percentage of profit generated by the lubricants business came from growth markets in 2018?", "summary": "65% of profit generated by the lubricants business in 2018 came from growth markets."}

{"content": "How does BP differentiate its lubricants business from competitors?", "summary": "BP differentiates its lubricants business through its strong brands, technology, and customer relationships. They focus on premium lubricants and growth markets, with 46% of their sales coming from premium grade lubricants."}

{"content": "What was the underlying RC profit before interest of the lubricants business in 2018?", "summary": "The underlying RC profit before interest of the lubricants business in 2018 was not specified in the given content."}{"content": "What are the main product lines manufactured by our petrochemicals business?", "summary": "Our petrochemicals business manufactures and markets three main product lines: purified terephthalic acid (PTA), paraxylene (PX) and acetic acid. These have a large range of uses including polyester fibre, food packaging and building materials. We also produce a number of other specialty petrochemicals products. In addition, we manufacture olefins and derivatives at Gelsenkirchen and solvents at Mülheim in Germany, the income from which is reported in our fuels business."}

{"content": "How many refineries does Rosneft own and operate in Russia?", "summary": "Rosneft owns and operates 13 refineries in Russia, and also holds stakes in three refineries in Germany, one in India and one in Belarus."}

{"content": "What is the largest oil company in Russia based on hydrocarbon production volume?", "summary": "Rosneft is the largest oil company in Russia and the largest publicly traded oil company in the world, based on hydrocarbon production volume."}

{"content": "What is the percentage of Rosneftegaz's shareholding in Rosneft?", "summary": "Rosneftegaz's shareholding in Rosneft is 50% plus one share."}

{"content": "How many new licensing agreements did we secure in 2018 for PTA and PX?", "summary": "In 2018, we secured six new licensing agreements out of the 10 PTA and PX licences announced globally."}

{"content": "What was the growth rate of the lubricants business' underlying RC profit before interest and tax in 2018 compared to 2017?", "summary": "The lubricants business' underlying RC profit before interest and tax in 2018 was lower than in 2017 due to adverse lag impact of increasing base oil prices and adverse foreign exchange rate movements."}

{"content": "How did the petrochemicals business' underlying RC profit before interest and tax in 2018 compare to 2016?", "summary": "The petrochemicals business' underlying RC profit before interest and tax in 2018 was higher compared to 2016, reflecting an improved margin environment, increased margin optimization, and continued cost management focus."}

{"content": "How did the petrochemicals production in 2018 compare to the previous two years?", "summary": "The petrochemicals production in 2018 was lower than in both 2017 and 2016 due to higher levels of turnaround activity and the divestment of certain interests."}

{"content": "How many refineries did we refine oil per day in 2018 compared to 2017?", "summary": "In 2018, we refined oil per day in more refineries compared to 2017."}

{"content": "How many retail service stations did Rosneft own and operate in Russia and abroad in 2017?", "summary": "In 2017, Rosneft owned and operated more than 2,960 retail service stations in Russia and abroad."}


1. Q: What were BP's sales and other operating revenues in 2018?
   A: BP's sales and other operating revenues in 2018 amounted to $1,678 million.

2. Q: What was the growth rate of BP's production of crude oil from 2016 to 2018?
   A: BP's production of crude oil experienced a growth rate of 8.6% from 2016 to 2018.

3. Q: How does BP's biofuel production contribute to reducing greenhouse gas emissions?
   A: BP's biofuel production, particularly ethanol produced from sugar cane in Brazil, has significantly lower life-cycle greenhouse gas emissions compared to conventional transport fuels, reducing emissions by approximately 70%. This makes biofuels a key solution for reducing emissions in the transportation system.

4. Q: What was the net profit for the year ended December 31, 2018?
   A: BP's net profit for the year ended December 31, 2018, was not provided in the given content. Additional information is required to answer this question accurately.

5. Q: What was the percentage increase in BP's renewable energy business compared to the previous year?
   A: The given content does not provide specific information about the percentage increase in BP's renewable energy business compared to the previous year. More data is needed to answer this question.

6. Q: Can you explain BP's strategy for renewable products?
   A: BP's strategy for renewable products aims to expand their existing renewable energy businesses while developing new businesses and partnerships to capitalize on the growing renewable energy sector. They believe that renewable energy could contribute at least 15% to the global energy mix by 2040 and are actively pursuing opportunities for growth in this sector.

7. Q: What was the average price of Urals crude oil in 2018?
   A: The average price of Urals crude oil delivered in North West Europe (Rotterdam) was $69.89 per barrel in 2018.

8. Q: What was the percentage change in BP's replacement cost profit before interest and tax for 2018 compared to 2017?
   A: The replacement cost profit before interest and tax for BP in 2018 was $3,521 million. Unfortunately, the given content does not provide the corresponding value for 2017, hence the percentage change cannot be calculated without additional information.

9. Q: How does BP manage its treasury and financial risks?
   A: BP manages its treasury and financial risks centrally, with a focus on managing the group's debt profile, share buyback programs, dividend payments, and overall liquidity requirements. The treasury department also oversees key financial risk areas such as interest rate, foreign exchange, pension funding, investment, and financial institution credit risk. They actively engage with the international financial markets to support BP's projects worldwide and optimize cash flows and short-term investments.

10. Q: What were BP's investments in associates as of December 31, 2018?
    A: BP's investments in associates as of December 31, 2018, amounted to $10,074 million.{"content": "What is the percentage of global power that solar energy could generate by 2040?", "summary": "Solar energy could generate 12% of total global power by 2040, in a scenario based on recent trends. That could grow to 21% in a scenario consistent with the Paris climate goals."}

{"content": "How many countries does Lightsource BP have a presence in since December 2017?", "summary": "Lightsource BP has doubled the number of countries where it has a presence since December 2017."}

{"content": "How many tonnes of CO2 equivalent were avoided in 2018?", "summary": "In 2018, approximately 2.8 million tonnes of CO2 equivalent were avoided."}

{"content": "What is the generating capacity of BP's wind energy sites in the US?", "summary": "BP's wind energy sites in the US have a net generating capacity of just over 1,000MW."}

{"content": "How much electricity did the three biofuels manufacturing facilities produce in 2018?", "summary": "In 2018, the three biofuels manufacturing facilities produced around 892GWh of electricity."}

{"content": "What is the net generating capacity of BP's onshore wind energy sites?", "summary": "BP's onshore wind energy sites have a net generating capacity of just over 1,000MW."}

{"content": "How does BP plan to deliver competitive value in the alternative energy sector?", "summary": "BP aims to deliver competitive value in the alternative energy sector by growing existing businesses, developing new businesses and partnerships, and investing in innovative technologies, products, and business models."}

{"content": "How does BP's SmartLog program contribute to efficiency in biofuels operations?", "summary": "BP's SmartLog program helps improve efficiency in biofuels operations by using mobile satellite technology, sensors, and radios to connect people and vehicles to a central control room. It provides real-time information, monitors and analyzes behaviors, and guides workers on improvements, resulting in reduced equipment needs, enhanced safety culture, and lower emissions."}

{"content": "What is BP's approach to reducing carbon emissions in its operations?", "summary": "BP has set targets and aims to reduce emissions in its operations by improving efficiency, developing low carbon businesses, investing in research and development, and collaborating with innovative academic programs. BP also invests in high-tech companies to accelerate the commercialization of new technologies."}

{"content": "How does the BPme app provide a new way to pay for fuel?", "summary": "The BPme app allows customers to pay for fuel from their vehicle using their smartphone. It uses GPS to locate the nearest BP site, provides opening times and facilities, allows customers to activate their fuel pump and pay from inside their car. The app also offers additional features like ordering coffee, receiving offers and discounts, saving time, and providing convenience to customers."}{"content": "How many data points are analyzed every day by the cloud-based tool used by BP in the Gulf of Mexico?", "summary": "The cloud-based tool analyzes more than 150 million data points every day regarding around 1,200 important pieces of process equipment."}

{"content": "What is the trend in the number of tier 1 and tier 2 process safety events in BP?", "summary": "In 2018, there was a reduction in the number of tier 1 and tier 2 process safety events. BP investigates incidents, including near misses, and uses leading indicators and analyses to monitor controls and prevent incidents."}

{"content": "How does BP aim to create long-term value for its shareholders, partners, and society?", "summary": "BP aims to create long-term value by meeting growing energy demand in a safe and responsible way. They prioritize sustainability, safety, and security, and continuously strive to improve personal and process safety and operational risk management."}

{"content": "What is the projected number of electric vehicles on UK roads by 2040 according to the BP Energy Outlook?", "summary": "The BP Energy Outlook projects that there will be over 12 million electric vehicles on UK roads by 2040."}

{"content": "What is the recordable injury frequency for BP employees and contractors in 2018?", "summary": "In 2018, BP's recordable injury frequency for employees and contractors was 0.20 incidents per 200,000 hours worked."}

{"content": "How does BP manage and improve personal and process safety across its operations?", "summary": "BP manages and improves personal and process safety by identifying and managing operating risks, providing oversight and technical guidance, conducting site visits and audits, and continuously learning from incidents and sharing lessons with industry peers. They also have an operating management system in place and strive to prevent incidents through careful planning, rigorous practices, and the application of good design and engineering principles."}

{"content": "How much did BP invest in FreeWire, a company that manufactures mobile rapid charging systems?", "summary": "BP invested $5 million in FreeWire, a US-based company that manufactures mobile rapid charging systems. They successfully piloted the charging systems at a BP retail site in the UK and are exploring options to offer FreeWire's innovative charging services across their retail networks."}

{"content": "What is the growth rate of charging points installed by BP Chargemaster in the UK?", "summary": "BP Chargemaster installed over 6,500 charging points in the UK in 2018. They aim to offer widened access to fast and ultra-fast charging at BP sites across the UK and the chargers will become available throughout 2019."}

{"content": "How is technology helping BP gather and analyze data from its operations?", "summary": "New technologies are allowing BP to gather more data from their operations and analyze it faster. For example, they use a digital platform in their Brazilian biofuels business to connect people and vehicles to a central control room, providing real-time information, monitoring and analyzing behavior, and improving safety. They also utilize in-vehicle monitoring systems and cameras to enhance transportation safety."}

{"content": "How many oil spills occurred in 2018 according to BP's Annual Report and Form 20-F?", "summary": "According to BP's Annual Report and Form 20-F, there were 124 oil spills in 2018. Out of these spills, 63 were contained, while 57 reached land and water."}{"content": "What measures does BP have in place to manage cyber threats?", "summary": "BP has a range of measures in place to manage cyber threats. These include the use of cyber security policies and procedures, security protection tools, ongoing detection and monitoring of threats, and testing of response and recovery procedures. They also collaborate closely with governments, law enforcement, and industry peers to understand and respond to new and emerging threats."}

{"content": "What is the target for sustainable greenhouse gas emissions reductions by 2025 for BP?", "summary": "BP aims to achieve zero net growth in operational emissions by 2025. They are targeting sustainable greenhouse gas emissions reductions totaling 3.5 million metric tonnes by that time. They have set a goal for methane intensity of 0.2% and will use offsets if necessary to keep net emissions growth at zero."}

{"content": "How is BP contributing to a low carbon future through their 'reduce, improve, create' framework?", "summary": "BP is contributing to a low carbon future through their 'reduce, improve, create' framework. They have set measurable, near-term targets for reducing greenhouse gas emissions in their own operations. They are also focusing on improving products to help customers and consumers lower their emissions, as well as creating low carbon businesses. BP aims to advance a low carbon future by targeting zero net growth in operational emissions by 2025 and through sustainable greenhouse gas emissions reductions."}

{"content": "How does BP monitor for hostile actions that could harm their people or disrupt their operations?", "summary": "BP monitors for hostile actions that could harm their people or disrupt their operations. They focus on areas affected by political and social unrest, terrorism, armed conflict, or criminal activity. They also run exercises and drills to test their procedures and ensure their people are prepared in the event of an emergency. BP has a 24-hour response information center to assess the safety of their people and provide timely advice in an emergency."}

{"content": "What percentage of methane intensity does BP aim to achieve by 2025?", "summary": "BP aims to achieve a methane intensity of 0.2% by 2025. This is part of their goal to achieve zero net growth in operational emissions. They are committed to reducing methane emissions and taking actions to improve energy efficiency."}

{"content": "How does BP collaborate with governments, law enforcement, and industry peers to respond to cyber threats?", "summary": "BP collaborates closely with governments, law enforcement, and industry peers to respond to cyber threats. This collaboration helps them understand and respond to new and emerging threats. They work together to share information, develop strategies, and implement measures to mitigate cyber risks."}

{"content": "How does BP ensure safety when working with contractors and partners?", "summary": "BP ensures safety when working with contractors and partners through a comprehensive safety management system. They define the way their safety management system coexists with those of their contractors to manage risk on a site. They conduct audits and monitor safety performance to ensure contractors comply with health, safety, and security requirements. BP expects their contractors and their employees to act in a way that is consistent with their code of conduct and takes appropriate action if expectations are not met."}

{"content": "How much waste does the waste-to-fuels plant, in which BP owns an 8% interest, aim to convert into fuel each year?", "summary": "The waste-to-fuels plant, in which BP owns an 8% interest, aims to convert around 175,000 tons of waste into about 11 million gallons of fuel each year. This facility uses technology developed by BP and Johnson Matthey to convert household rubbish into fuel for transport, reducing reliance on landfill and promoting a circular economy."}

{"content": "How does BP's strategy align with the goals of the Paris Agreement?", "summary": "BP's strategy aligns with the goals of the Paris Agreement. They believe their strategy is consistent with the climate goals of the agreement, which calls for rapid greenhouse gas emissions reductions in the context of sustainable development. BP has set targets for reducing their operational emissions and improving products to help customers lower their emissions. They are committed to addressing climate change and the transition to a lower carbon economy."}

{"content": "How does BP identify and manage risks associated with climate change and the energy transition?", "summary": "BP identifies and manages risks associated with climate change and the energy transition through their risk management policy and procedures. Their operating businesses are responsible for identifying and managing their risks, including potential effects on operations, performance, and market changes. They review their principal risks and uncertainties annually, and climate change and the energy transition are identified as principal risks. BP also considers these risks in their strategy and governance framework."}1. Q: What was the aim of BP's joint venture with Hassan Allam Utilities in Egypt?
   A: BP formed a joint venture with Hassan Allam Utilities in Egypt to develop and operate utility-scale solar projects in the country.

2. Q: How many activities met the criteria for accreditation or reaccreditation in 2018?
   A: In 2018, a total of 52 activities met the criteria for accreditation or reaccreditation, demonstrating BP's commitment to lower carbon initiatives and emission reductions.

3. Q: What is the carbon price currently used by BP when evaluating plans for certain projects?
   A: BP currently uses a carbon price of $40 per tonne of CO2 equivalent when evaluating plans for certain large new projects, ensuring emissions costs are considered. Additionally, there is a stress test at a carbon price of $80 per tonne.

4. Q: What was the percentage decrease in direct greenhouse gas emissions in 2018?
   A: In 2018, BP achieved a decrease in direct greenhouse gas emissions, although specific percentage figures are not provided in the given content.

5. Q: What was the methane intensity target set by OGCI for its member companies?
   A: The Oil and Gas Climate Initiative (OGCI) set a methane intensity target for its member companies, aiming to reduce the collective average methane intensity of aggregated upstream oil and gas operations to below 0.25% by 2025, compared to the baseline of 0.32% in 2017.

6. Q: What is the ratio of total GHG emissions to gross production in 2018?
   A: In 2018, the ratio of BP's total greenhouse gas emissions reported on an operational control basis to gross production was 0.22teCO2e/te production.

7. Q: How does BP detect leaks of methane gas?
   A: BP utilizes hand-held infrared cameras to detect small leaks of methane gas, preventing them from becoming larger. They also piloted the use of technology to quantify emissions detected by these cameras, allowing for targeted and prioritized responses.

8. Q: Can you provide examples of BP's low carbon activities?
   A: BP has invested $500 million in low carbon activities, including initiatives such as FreeWire, which supports the development of rapid mobile electric vehicle charging. They are also focused on biofuels, biopower, wind, and solar energy sources.

9. Q: How does BP manage its environmental and social impacts?
   A: BP actively works to avoid, mitigate, and manage their environmental and social impacts through their operating management system. They engage with stakeholders, identify potential impacts, and implement actions and mitigation measures throughout project design, construction, and operations.

10. Q: What collaborative efforts is BP engaging in to address the climate challenge?
    A: BP collaborates with peers, non-governmental organizations, and academic institutions to address the climate challenge. For instance, they work closely with the Oil and Gas Climate Initiative (OGCI) to increase the ambition, speed, and scale of initiatives undertaken by member companies to reduce greenhouse gas emissions. They are also working on the UK's first commercial full-chain carbon capture, use, and storage project.1. Data query question: What measures does BP put in place to manage air emissions?
   {"content": "What measures does BP put in place to manage air emissions?", 
   "summary": "BP puts measures in place to manage air emissions in line with regulations and industry guidelines. In their shipping business, they introduced new liquefied natural gas carriers that use approximately 25% less fuel and emit fewer nitrogen oxides. These measures are designed to protect the health of local communities and the environment."}

2. Data statistical analysis question: What was the total social investment made by BP in 2018?
   {"content": "What was the total social investment made by BP in 2018?", 
   "summary": "BP made a social investment of $114.2 million in 2018. This investment is aimed at supporting community efforts to increase incomes and improve standards of living. They have various programs, like the training program for motorcycle mechanics in India, which has trained over 200,000 mechanics since 2009."}

3. Open question: What are some of the focus areas for BP regarding human rights?
   {"content": "What are some of the focus areas for BP regarding human rights?", 
   "summary": "BP is committed to respecting the rights and dignity of all people in their business operations. Some of their focus areas regarding human rights include: ethical recruitment and working conditions of contracted workforces, responsible security practices, community health and livelihoods, and providing mechanisms for workers and communities to raise concerns."}

4. Data query question: Where does BP withdraw brackish water for its operations in Oman?
   {"content": "Where does BP withdraw brackish water for its operations in Oman?", 
   "summary": "In Oman, BP withdraws brackish water under permit from a local underground aquifer. This underground aquifer is only used for industrial purposes. The water is desalinated and used for drilling and hydraulic fracturing. They completed a modelling study in 2018 to assess the sustainability of this water supply, which has been incorporated into a long-term water management plan."}

5. Data statistical analysis question: What percentage of nationals were employed by BP in Egypt in 2018?
   {"content": "What percentage of nationals were employed by BP in Egypt in 2018?", 
   "summary": "In Egypt, BP employed 78% nationals in 2018. They aim to recruit their workforce from the community or country in which they operate. They also run programs to build the skills of businesses and develop the local supply chain."}

6. Open question: How does BP contribute to the economies of countries where it operates?
   {"content": "How does BP contribute to the economies of countries where it operates?", 
   "summary": "BP contributes to the economies of countries where it operates in various ways. They employ local staff, help develop national and local suppliers, and pay taxes and funds to governments. They also support community efforts to increase incomes and improve standards of living through their social investments."}

7. Data query question: How much did BP pay in income and production taxes to governments in 2018?
   {"content": "How much did BP pay in income and production taxes to governments in 2018?", 
   "summary": "BP paid $7.5 billion in income and production taxes to governments in 2018. They are committed to complying with tax laws in a responsible manner and support transparency in revenue flow from oil and gas activities to governments."}

8. Data statistical analysis question: What were the results of the modeling study conducted by BP in 2018 on the sustainability of their water supply?
   {"content": "What were the results of the modeling study conducted by BP in 2018 on the sustainability of their water supply?", 
   "summary": "The modeling study conducted by BP in 2018 on the sustainability of their water supply showed that their water withdrawal from a local underground aquifer in Oman for industrial purposes, after desalination, is assessed to be sustainable. The results of the study have been incorporated into a long-term water management plan to reduce water demand."}

9. Open question: How does BP ensure ethical conduct in its business operations?
   {"content": "How does BP ensure ethical conduct in its business operations?", 
   "summary": "BP ensures ethical conduct in its business operations through its values, code of conduct, and various policies and procedures. They have clear expectations outlined in their code of conduct and provide channels for employees, contractors, and third parties to report concerns or unethical behavior. They take steps to identify and correct areas of non-conformance and dismiss employees who do not adhere to the code of conduct or engage in unethical behavior."}

10. Data query question: How many concerns or inquiries were recorded by BP in 2018 regarding their code of conduct?
    {"content": "How many concerns or inquiries were recorded by BP in 2018 regarding their code of conduct?", 
    "summary": "A total of 1,712 concerns or inquiries were recorded by BP in 2018 regarding their code of conduct. These concerns included fair treatment of people, workplace harassment, and protecting BP's assets. BP takes these concerns seriously and takes corrective actions when needed."}{"content": "What is the purpose of BP's risk management system?", "summary": "BP's risk management system is designed to manage and report risks from the group's operations to management and the board. It aims to understand the risk environment, identify specific risks, assess potential exposure, determine how to deal with risks, manage them appropriately, monitor and seek assurance of their effectiveness, and report on their management."}

{"content": "How does BP manage day-to-day risk management?", "summary": "BP manages day-to-day risk management by promoting safe and reliable operations. They have practical plans in place to reduce risk and ensure compliance with applicable laws and regulations. Their requirements underpin these plans, which also aim to deliver efficient and sustainable financial results."}

{"content": "What are the key risk oversight and governance committees in BP?", "summary": "BP has several key risk oversight and governance committees, including the executive team meeting, group operations risk committee, group financial risk committee, group disclosure committee, group people committee, group ethics and compliance committee, resource commitment meeting, and renewal committee. These committees provide oversight and governance for various risk areas, such as strategic and commercial risks, health, safety, security, environment and operations integrity risks, financial risks, and employee risks."}

{"content": "How does BP measure and report risks within the organization?", "summary": "BP aims for a consistent basis of measuring risk by establishing a common understanding of risks, reporting them to the appropriate levels of the organization, and informing prioritization of risk management activities and resource allocation. They review significant risks and associated risk management activities in alignment with key business processes to ensure risk-informed decisions. The executive team and board also review the group's principal risks and uncertainties annually."}

{"content": "What is BP's approach to managing financial liquidity risk?", "summary": "BP manages financial liquidity risk by considering external market conditions that can impact their financial performance. They diversify their portfolio, have a financial framework, conduct liquidity stress testing, maintain a significant cash buffer, review market conditions regularly, and incorporate risk management into their planning and investment processes to mitigate the impact of supply and demand factors on their products."}

{"content": "How does BP assess and manage geopolitical risks?", "summary": "BP assesses and manages geopolitical risks by developing and maintaining relationships with governments and stakeholders in the regions where they operate. They monitor events closely and implement risk mitigation plans as necessary. Their goal is to become trusted partners in each country and region, enabling them to navigate potential changes in political or social tensions that could adversely affect the group."}

{"content": "What measures does BP take to address cyber security threats?", "summary": "BP takes several measures to address cyber security threats. They have cyber security standards and protection tools in place, actively detect and monitor threats, and test cyber response and recovery procedures. They collaborate closely with governments, law enforcement agencies, and industry peers to understand and respond to evolving cyber threats. They also prioritize staff awareness, share incident information for continuous learning, and conduct regular exercises to test response and recovery procedures."}

{"content": "How does BP manage process safety, personal safety, and environmental risks?", "summary": "BP manages process safety, personal safety, and environmental risks through their operating management system. This system governs key risk management activities, such as inspection, maintenance, testing, business continuity, crisis response planning, and competency development. They also have a global wells organization for consistent drilling practices to minimize incidents associated with hydrocarbon releases and ensure a safe operating environment."}

{"content": "What is the impact of the UK's exit from the EU on BP's business?", "summary": "BP has been assessing the potential impact of the UK's exit from the EU (Brexit) on their business. They have prepared for different scenarios but believe none pose a significant risk. The board's geopolitical committee regularly discusses this topic, and BP continues to monitor developments in line with their risk management processes and procedures."}

{"content": "How does BP integrate risk management into its key business processes?", "summary": "BP integrates risk management into key business processes, including strategy, planning, performance management, resource and capital allocation, and project appraisal. They use a standard framework for collating risk data, assessing risk management activities, making improvements, and planning new activities. This ensures that key decisions are made with an understanding of the associated risks."}{"content": "What is the purpose of our operating management system?", "summary": "Our operating management system helps us manage risks and drive performance improvements. It sets out the rules and principles governing key risk management activities such as inspection, maintenance, testing, business continuity, and crisis response planning."}

{"content": "How do we manage risks in our drilling activity?", "summary": "We manage risks in our drilling activity through a global wells organization that promotes a consistent approach for designing, constructing, and managing wells. This helps ensure the safety and efficiency of our drilling operations."}

{"content": "What is the role of our central security team?", "summary": "Our central security team provides guidance and support to our businesses through a network of regional security advisors. They advise and conduct assurance activities related to the management of security risks affecting our people and operations."}

{"content": "What measures do we take to ensure compliance and control?", "summary": "To ensure compliance and control, we have a code of conduct and values applicable to all employees. We also have various group requirements and training covering areas such as anti-bribery and corruption, anti-money laundering, competition/anti-trust law, and international trade regulations."}

{"content": "How do we monitor our trading activities for compliance?", "summary": "We have specific operating standards and control processes to manage risks in our trading activities. This includes guidelines specific to trading and dedicated compliance teams to monitor compliance. We also maintain a positive and collaborative relationship with regulators and the industry."}

{"content": "What are the key risk management activities covered in our operating management system?", "summary": "The key risk management activities covered in our operating management system include inspection, maintenance, testing, business continuity planning, and crisis response planning. These activities help identify and mitigate potential risks to our operations."}

{"content": "How do we monitor and manage emerging security threats?", "summary": "We monitor for emerging threats and vulnerabilities to manage our physical and information security. Our central security team, along with regional security advisors, provides guidance and support in assessing and addressing these threats."}

{"content": "What are the potential impacts of ethical misconduct or regulatory non-compliance?", "summary": "Ethical misconduct or breaches of applicable laws and regulations can damage our reputation, adversely affect operational results and shareholder value, and potentially impact our license to operate. It is essential to adhere to our code of conduct and values to mitigate these risks."}

{"content": "How do we assess the viability of projects in relation to fluctuating oil, gas, and product prices?", "summary": "Fluctuating oil, gas, and product prices can impact the viability of projects. We continuously assess the economic feasibility of projects considering market conditions, including price fluctuations. This helps us make informed decisions regarding investment and profitability."}

{"content": "How do exchange rate fluctuations impact our costs and revenues?", "summary": "Exchange rate fluctuations can create currency exposures and impact our underlying costs and revenues. Crude oil prices are generally set in US dollars, while products vary in currency. Fluctuations in exchange rates can affect our financial performance and profitability."}1. Q: What are the potential risks posed by cyber threats in the oil and gas industry?
   A: The oil and gas industry faces potential risks from cyber threat actors such as nation states, criminals, terrorists, hacktivists, and insiders. Breaches of digital infrastructure, control systems, and cyber defenses could disrupt operations, result in loss or misuse of data, harm the environment or assets, and lead to legal or regulatory breaches and liabilities.

2. Q: How can changes in laws and regulations regarding climate change impact the oil and gas industry?
   A: Changes in laws, regulations, policies, obligations, and customer preferences related to the transition to a lower carbon economy can impact the oil and gas industry. These changes may increase compliance and litigation costs, constrain production and supply, and alter fuel or power choices. Depending on the industry's response, it could affect demand, investor sentiment, financial performance, and competitiveness.

3. Q: What are the challenges faced by the industry in terms of competition and maintaining a high-quality asset portfolio?
   A: In a highly competitive market, the oil and gas industry faces challenges in maintaining efficiency, a high-quality asset portfolio, and innovation. Control over development and operating costs, superior access rights or licenses from competitors, lagging innovation, and failure to protect intellectual property can impede strategic progress and performance.

4. Q: What are the potential consequences of a major crisis on the business operations of the industry?
   A: Failure to address a major crisis effectively can disrupt the business operations of the oil and gas industry. Inability to respond appropriately or restore critical operational capacity may lead to business disruptions, regulatory actions, legal liabilities, increased costs, and potential denial of operating licenses.

5. Q: What is the impact of insurance strategy on the financial position of the industry?
   A: The insurance strategy of the oil and gas industry can influence its financial position. Uninsured losses, particularly when faced with significant operational events, could adversely affect the industry's financial position, liquidity, and cash flows. It is crucial to manage insurance coverage to mitigate potential material losses.

6. Q: What is the trend in greenhouse gas emissions in the oil and gas industry?
   A: The trend in greenhouse gas emissions in the oil and gas industry is influenced by various factors. With the goal of transitioning to a lower carbon economy, companies in the industry are actively working to reduce emissions. However, the actual trend depends on the extent of regulatory and technological advancements, as well as the industry's commitment to sustainability.

7. Q: How does the transition to a lower carbon economy affect the revenue of companies in the industry?
   A: The transition to a lower carbon economy can have an impact on the revenue of companies in the oil and gas industry. Changes in customer preferences, regulatory incentives, and technological innovations favoring low-emission energy sources may shift demand and affect the industry's financial performance. The extent of impact depends on the speed and nature of the transition, as well as the companies' adaptability.

8. Q: What is the growth rate of cybersecurity breaches in the industry?
   A: The growth rate of cybersecurity breaches in the oil and gas industry is influenced by the evolving landscape of cyber threats. As digital infrastructure becomes increasingly interconnected, cyber threat actors continue to pose risks. The growth rate of cybersecurity breaches depends on the industry's ability to adapt and enhance cyber defense measures to mitigate potential threats.

9. Q: How does the industry's innovation in renewable energy compare to its competitors?
   A: The oil and gas industry's innovation in renewable energy varies among competitors. Some companies have made significant strides in diversifying their energy portfolios and investing in renewable technologies. However, the pace and extent of innovation can differ. It is crucial to compare individual companies' efforts and initiatives in the renewable energy sector to assess the industry's overall position.

10. Q: What is the success rate of drilling and production activities in challenging operational environments?
    A: The success rate of drilling and production activities in challenging operational environments depends on various factors. Factors such as natural disasters, extreme weather conditions, technical integrity failure, and unpredictable drilling conditions can impact the success rate. Companies strive to mitigate risks through advanced technology, expertise, and effective operational management systems to increase their success rates in challenging environments.{"content": "What are the potential costs associated with fines or penalties for breaches of laws or regulations?", "summary": "Breaches of laws or regulations can result in fines or penalties, which can lead to increased costs for a company. These costs may include legal fees, fines imposed by regulatory bodies, compensation to affected parties, and the costs of implementing corrective measures to prevent future breaches."}

{"content": "What is the likelihood of increased costs due to fines or penalties for breaches of laws or regulations?", "summary": "The likelihood of increased costs due to fines or penalties for breaches of laws or regulations depends on several factors, such as the severity of the breach, the regulatory framework in place, and the company's response to the breach. Companies that fail to comply with laws and regulations may face higher fines and penalties, leading to significant financial costs."}

{"content": "Can you explain the potential impact of ethical misconduct or non-compliance on a company's reputation and legal status?", "summary": "Ethical misconduct or non-compliance with applicable laws can have a detrimental impact on a company's reputation and legal status. It can result in negative publicity, loss of customer trust, and damage to the company's brand image. Moreover, it may lead to legal consequences, such as lawsuits, fines, and regulatory action, which can further tarnish the company's reputation and affect its overall legal standing."}

{"content": "How could ineffective oversight of treasury and trading activities affect a company's operations?", "summary": "Ineffective oversight of treasury and trading activities can have significant consequences for a company's operations. It can lead to business disruption, financial loss, and regulatory intervention. This could result from errors in risk management, inaccurate financial reporting, unauthorized trading activities, or failure to comply with regulatory requirements. Additionally, it can damage the company's reputation, impacting its relationships with stakeholders and potentially affecting its long-term viability."}

{"content": "What is the potential financial loss or reputation damage resulting from ineffective oversight of treasury and trading activities?", "summary": "The potential financial loss resulting from ineffective oversight of treasury and trading activities can be substantial. It may include losses from risky investments, fraudulent activities, or incorrect valuations of financial instruments. Furthermore, reputation damage can occur if the company's stakeholders lose confidence in the integrity and reliability of its financial operations. This can lead to a decrease in investor trust, loss of business opportunities, and difficulty in attracting and retaining talented employees."}

{"content": "What measures can be taken to mitigate the risk of operational issues in treasury and trading activities?", "summary": "To mitigate the risk of operational issues in treasury and trading activities, companies can implement various measures. These include developing robust risk management frameworks, establishing effective internal control systems, conducting regular audits and compliance reviews, providing training and education to employees, and ensuring proper oversight and governance. It is also important to foster a culture of ethics and compliance, encourage whistleblowing, and stay updated on regulatory changes to adapt and improve risk management practices."}

{"content": "How does failure to accurately report data impact a company?", "summary": "Failure to accurately report data can have several negative impacts on a company. It can lead to regulatory action and legal liability, as inaccurate reporting violates financial reporting standards and may mislead investors and stakeholders. The company may face fines, penalties, and the need for remedial actions, which can incur significant costs. Moreover, the company's reputation may be damaged, leading to a loss of trust from investors, customers, and partners."}

{"content": "What are the potential consequences of inaccurate reporting on regulatory action and legal liability?", "summary": "Inaccurate reporting can have severe consequences in terms of regulatory action and legal liability. Regulatory bodies may impose fines, sanctions, or other penalties on the company for non-compliance with reporting standards. Additionally, inaccurate reporting can lead to legal actions from shareholders or other affected parties seeking damages. The company may also be required to restate its financial statements, which can further erode investor confidence and impact its reputation and overall financial performance."}

{"content": "Can you discuss the importance of accurate external reporting for a company's reputation and stakeholder trust?", "summary": "Accurate external reporting is crucial for maintaining a company's reputation and fostering stakeholder trust. It provides transparency and accountability, demonstrating the company's commitment to ethical business practices. Accurate reporting builds investor confidence, as stakeholders can make informed decisions based on reliable financial information. It also helps to attract and retain customers, as they rely on accurate data to assess the company's financial health and stability. Inaccurate reporting can erode this trust, leading to reputational damage and potential loss of stakeholders' support."}

{"content": "What are the responsibilities of the board of directors in terms of risk management and internal control?", "summary": "The board of directors has key responsibilities in terms of risk management and internal control. They are accountable for overseeing the company's risk management framework and ensuring it is adequate and effective. The board must also establish and maintain appropriate internal control systems to safeguard the company's assets, promote compliance with laws and regulations, and ensure the accuracy of financial reporting. Additionally, the board should regularly review and monitor risk management processes, assess the effectiveness of internal controls, and provide guidance and support to management in mitigating risks and enhancing governance practices."}{"content": "What is Brian Gilvary's position at BP?", "summary": "Brian Gilvary is the Chief Financial Officer at BP."}

{"content": "When was Nils Andersen appointed as an independent non-executive director?", "summary": "Nils Andersen was appointed as an independent non-executive director on October 31, 2016."}

{"content": "What are some of the outside interests of Alan Boeckmann?", "summary": "Some of the outside interests of Alan Boeckmann include being a non-executive director of Sempra Energy and Archer Daniels Midland."}

{"content": "How long did Admiral Frank Bowman serve in the US Navy?", "summary": "Admiral Frank Bowman served in the US Navy for more than 38 years."}

{"content": "What is Dame Alison Carnwath's role at BASF SE?", "summary": "Dame Alison Carnwath is a member of the Supervisory Board and Audit Committee chair of BASF SE."}

{"content": "How has Brian Gilvary contributed to BP's transformation into a value-based business?", "summary": "Brian Gilvary has played a key role in implementing BP's strategy to transform into a 'value over volume' based business, where trading is a key creator of value throughout the integrated business."}

{"content": "What is Nils Andersen's experience in consumer goods and retail?", "summary": "Nils Andersen has extensive experience in consumer goods and retail, having led global corporations with integrated operations worldwide."}

{"content": "What industries has Alan Boeckmann worked in throughout his career?", "summary": "Alan Boeckmann has worked in a wide range of industries including engineering, construction, chemicals, and the energy sector."}

{"content": "How did Admiral Frank Bowman contribute to national security studies on climate change?", "summary": "Admiral Frank Bowman has participated in studies of climate change and its impact on national security, as well as future global energy solutions and water scarcity."}

{"content": "What is Dame Alison Carnwath's involvement in the audit committees of BASF SE and Zurich Insurance Group?", "summary": "Dame Alison Carnwath is a member of the Audit Committee and the chair of the Audit Committee at both BASF SE and Zurich Insurance Group."}

{"content": "What impact have these individuals had on BP's overall business strategy and performance?", "summary": "The impact of these individuals on BP's overall business strategy and performance is not explicitly mentioned in the provided content. Further details or information is required to answer this question accurately."}{"content": "What is Dame Alison Carnwath's tenure as an independent non-executive director?", 
 "summary": "Dame Alison Carnwath was appointed as an independent non-executive director on May 21, 2018."}

{"content": "What are Dame Alison Carnwath's board and committee activities?", 
 "summary": "Dame Alison Carnwath is a member of the audit and chairman's committees."}

{"content": "Which companies is Dame Alison Carnwath a director of?", 
 "summary": "Dame Alison Carnwath is a director of BASF SE, Zurich Insurance Group, PACCAR Inc, and a member of the UK Panel on Takeovers and Mergers."}

{"content": "What is Pamela Daley's outside interest?", 
 "summary": "Pamela Daley is a director of BlackRock, Inc. and SecureWorks, Inc."}

{"content": "What was Pamela Daley's role at General Electric Company?", 
 "summary": "Pamela Daley spent most of her career at General Electric Company and served as senior vice president and senior advisor to the chairman. From 2004 to 2013, she was senior vice president of corporate business development, responsible for mergers, acquisitions, and divestiture activities worldwide."}

{"content": "Which boards has Pamela Daley served on?", 
 "summary": "Pamela Daley has served on the boards of BlackRock, Inc., SecureWorks, Inc., BG Group plc, and Patheon N.V."}

{"content": "What is Ian Davis's tenure as a senior independent director?", 
 "summary": "Ian Davis was appointed as a senior independent director on April 2, 2010."}

{"content": "What are Ian Davis's outside interests?", 
 "summary": "Ian Davis is the chairman of Rolls-Royce Holdings plc, a non-executive director of Majid Al Futtaim Holding LLC and Johnson & Johnson, Inc., and a non-executive director of Teach for All."}

{"content": "What is Dame Ann Dowling's outside interest?", 
 "summary": "Dame Ann Dowling is the president of the Royal Academy of Engineering, deputy vice-chancellor and professor of Mechanical Engineering at the University of Cambridge, a member of the Prime Minister's Council for Science and Technology, and a non-executive director of Smiths Group plc."}

{"content": "What is Melody Meyer's career background?", 
 "summary": "Melody Meyer started her career with Gulf Oil and later worked at Chevron, where she held key leadership roles in global exploration and production. She served as vice president for the Gulf of Mexico business unit, president of the Chevron Energy Technology Company, and president of Asia Pacific Exploration and Production."}{"content": "What is Melody Meyer's relevant experience in the oil and gas industry?", "summary": "Melody Meyer has spent her entire career in the oil and gas industry. She has expertise in the execution of major capital projects, creation of businesses in new countries, strategic and business planning, merger integration, and safe and reliable operations."}

{"content": "What is the growth rate of greenhouse gas emissions in BP's US businesses?", "summary": "Unfortunately, the provided content does not contain information about the growth rate of greenhouse gas emissions in BP's US businesses."}

{"content": "Can you explain Brendan Nelson's role as an Independent non-executive director?", "summary": "Brendan Nelson has been an Independent non-executive director since November 8, 2010. He currently chairs the audit committee and is a member of the chairman's, nomination and governance, and remuneration committees."}

{"content": "How long has Paula Rosput Reynolds been an Independent non-executive director?", "summary": "Paula Rosput Reynolds has been an Independent non-executive director since May 14, 2015."}

{"content": "What is the age of Sir John Sawers, the Independent non-executive director?", "summary": "Sir John Sawers, the Independent non-executive director, is 63 years old."}

{"content": "Can you provide information about Susan Dio's role as Chairman and President of BP America?", "summary": "Susan Dio is the Chairman and President of BP America. She provides leadership and oversight to BP's US businesses, which include oil and gas exploration and production, refining, petrochemicals, supply and trading, pipeline operations, shipping, retail, and alternative energy."}

{"content": "How long has Tufan Erginbilgic been the Chief Executive of Downstream?", "summary": "Tufan Erginbilgic has been the Chief Executive of Downstream since October 1, 2014."}

{"content": "What are some outside interests of Jens Bertelsen, the Company Secretary?", "summary": "Unfortunately, the provided content does not contain information about the outside interests of Jens Bertelsen, the Company Secretary."}

{"content": "Can you describe the role of David Eyton as Group Head of Technology?", "summary": "David Eyton is the Group Head of Technology at BP. He is accountable for technology strategy and its implementation across the company, including research and development and corporate venture capital investments."}

{"content": "What is the career background of Brendan Nelson?", "summary": "Brendan Nelson is a chartered accountant who has had a long career in the financial services industry. He served as a partner at KPMG and held various senior positions, including global chairman, banking, and global chairman, financial services. He also played a significant role in establishing auditing standards for banks in the UK."}{"content": "What is David Eyton's role at BP?", "summary": "David Eyton is the group head of technology at BP. He is accountable for technology strategy and its implementation across BP, including corporate venture capital investments and conducting research and development in areas of corporate renewal. Additionally, he sits on the Oil & Gas Climate Initiative Climate Investments Board."}

{"content": "What is the tenure of Lamar McKay in the executive team?", "summary": "Lamar McKay has been a part of the executive team at BP since June 16, 2008. He is currently the Deputy Group Chief Executive and is accountable for group strategy and long-term planning, group economics, safety and operational risk, group technology, and the legal function. He also plays a key role in various corporate governance activities including ethics and compliance."}

{"content": "Can you provide any information about Andy Hopwood's career trajectory at BP?", "summary": "Andy Hopwood joined BP in 1980 and has had a diverse career within the company. He spent his early years in operations in the North Sea, Wytch Farm, and Indonesia. He then moved on to the corporate planning team and held commercial leadership positions in Mexico and Venezuela. He has also led BP's businesses in Azerbaijan, Trinidad & Tobago, and onshore North America. Currently, Andy is the Executive Vice-President and Chief Operating Officer for Upstream Strategy at BP."}

{"content": "What is Bernard Looney responsible for in the Upstream segment?", "summary": "Bernard Looney is the Chief Executive of the Upstream segment at BP. His responsibilities include exploration, development, and production. Bernard has been with BP since 1991 and has held various positions, including drilling engineer, senior vice president for BP Alaska, and managing director of BP's North Sea business in the UK and Norway."}

{"content": "How many years of experience does Bob Fryar have in the oil and gas industry?", "summary": "Bob Fryar has over 30 years of experience in the oil and gas industry. He joined Amoco Production Company in 1985 and has been with BP since their merger. Throughout his career, Bob has held leadership positions in various regions, including Angola, Trinidad, and the Gulf of Mexico. Currently, he is the Executive Vice President of Safety and Operational Risk at BP."}

{"content": "Tell us about Eric Nitcher's career progression and his role as Group General Counsel at BP.", "summary": "Eric Nitcher has had a long and varied career at BP. He started as a litigation and regulatory lawyer in Wichita, Kansas and joined Amoco in 1990. He played a key role in the formation of the Russian joint venture TNK-BP and later served as special counsel and chief of staff to BP America's chairman and president. Currently, Eric is the Group General Counsel at BP and is responsible for legal matters across the BP group."}

{"content": "What is the outside interest of Dev Sanyal?", "summary": "Dev Sanyal, in addition to his roles as Chief Executive of Alternative Energy and Executive Vice President of Regions at BP, is involved in several external appointments. He serves as an Independent Non-Executive Director of Man Group plc, a member of the Accenture Global Energy Board, a member of the Board of Advisors of The Fletcher School of Law and Diplomacy, and a member of the Advisory Board of the Centre for European Reform. He is also a member of the International Advisory Board of the Ministry of Petroleum and Natural Gas, Government of India."}

{"content": "How many years has Helmut Schuster been the Group Human Resources Director?", "summary": "Helmut Schuster has been the Group Human Resources Director at BP since March 2011. He joined BP in 1989 and has held various leadership roles within the company. Before taking on his current role, he was Vice President of HR, responsible for the refining and marketing segment of BP and corporate and functions. His role involved leading the people agenda for approximately 60,000 employees across the globe."}

{"content": "Can you provide any insights into Susan Dio's role as an executive director in the BP group?", "summary": "Susan Dio is an Executive Director in the BP group. She is responsible for various areas including technology and ventures, regions, and marketing. With over 30 years of experience in the energy industry, Susan has held various leadership positions within BP. Her expertise and strategic vision contribute to the growth and success of the BP group."}

{"content": "What is the career background of Dame Angela Strank?", "summary": "Dame Angela Strank is the BP Chief Scientist and Head of Technology for the Downstream segment. She has an impressive background in the energy industry and holds various external appointments, including being a non-executive director of Severn Trent plc. She is also a fellow of the Royal Society, the Royal Academy of Engineering, and the Energy Institute. Additionally, she is an honorary professor of Earth Sciences at the University of Manchester."}{"content": "When did Dame Angela Strank join BP?", "summary": "Dame Angela Strank joined BP in 1982 as a geologist in exploration."}

{"content": "What is Dame Angela Strank's role at BP?", "summary": "Dame Angela Strank is responsible for technology across BP’s petrochemicals, refining, fuels and lubricants businesses. As BP’s chief scientist, she is accountable for developing strategic insights from advances in science and managing technology capability in BP."}

{"content": "What outside interests does Dame Angela Strank have?", "summary": "Dame Angela Strank is a Non-executive director of Severn Trent plc, a Fellow of the Royal Society and the Royal Academy of Engineering, an Honorary Fellow of the Energy Institute, and an Honorary Professor of Earth Sciences at the University of Manchester."}

{"content": "Who is the Chief Operating Officer of Upstream Regions?", "summary": "William Lin is the Chief Operating Officer of Upstream Regions at BP."}

{"content": "What is the role of Mandhir Singh at BP?", "summary": "Mandhir Singh is the Chief Operating Officer of Lubricants at BP. He is responsible for overseeing the lubricants business within the company."}

{"content": "Which committees review the significant risks facing BP?", "summary": "The Audit Committee and the Safety, Ethics and Environmental Assurance Committee (SEEAC) review the significant risks facing BP, including operational, compliance, and cyber security risks. These committees receive assurance from management on how these risks are understood and mitigated."}

{"content": "What is the tenure of Ian Davis as a director at BP?", "summary": "Ian Davis has been a director at BP for 10 years, and he currently serves as the Senior Independent Director. He has held this role since 2017."}

{"content": "How many new members joined the BP board in 2018?", "summary": "Two new members, Dame Alison Carnwath and Pamela Daley, joined the BP board in 2018."}

{"content": "How long has Steve Fortune been serving as the Chief Information Officer at BP?", "summary": "Steve Fortune has been serving as the Chief Information Officer at BP. However, the specific duration of his tenure is not mentioned in the provided content."}

{"content": "How many years has BP's three-year remuneration policy been in effect?", "summary": "BP's three-year remuneration policy has been in effect for two years. It was developed following extensive engagement with shareholders and will be up for shareholder approval again in 2020."}{"content": "What countries did board members visit BP operations in?", "summary": "Board members visited BP operations in the US, UK, Oman, China, and the Netherlands. Chairman Helge Lund personally visited operations in the UK, US, China, Oman, and the Netherlands."}

{"content": "What was the percentage of board meetings attended by the non-executive director Nils Andersen in 2018?", "summary": "Non-executive director Nils Andersen attended 88% of the board meetings in 2018."}

{"content": "Can you provide an example of a long-term strategy consideration discussed by the board in 2018?", "summary": "One example of a long-term strategy consideration discussed by the board in 2018 was the impact of the lower carbon transition on BP's business model. The board held several sessions to examine developments in the wider environment and strategic themes relating to BP's segments and key functions."}

{"content": "How many committees does the BP board have?", "summary": "The BP board has 7 committees, including the Audit Committee, Geopolitical Committee, Remuneration Committee, Joint Audit/SEEAC Committee, Nomination and Governance Committee, Chairman's Committee, and Group Operations Risk Committee."}

{"content": "What was the percentage of board meetings attended by the executive director Brian Gilvary in 2018?", "summary": "Executive director Brian Gilvary attended 100% of the board meetings in 2018."}

{"content": "What are some of the principal tasks of the board as mentioned in the BP Annual Report?", "summary": "Some of the principal tasks of the board mentioned in the BP Annual Report include active consideration and direction of long-term strategy, monitoring of BP's performance against the strategy and plan, ensuring identification of principal risks and uncertainties, and overseeing board and executive management succession."}

{"content": "How many non-executive directors attended all board meetings in 2018?", "summary": "No non-executive directors attended all board meetings in 2018."}

{"content": "What was the percentage of board meetings attended by the non-executive director Brendan Nelson in 2018?", "summary": "Non-executive director Brendan Nelson attended 100% of the board meetings in 2018."}

{"content": "Can you elaborate on the board's role in monitoring BP's performance against its annual plan?", "summary": "The board plays a key role in monitoring BP's performance against its annual plan. They review the progress and implementation of the plan through regular updates from management and a strategic performance scorecard discussed at each board meeting. The board also reviews financial and operational performance, receives updates on various components of value delivery, and ensures that systems of risk management and control are in place."}

{"content": "How many meetings did the non-executive director Melody Meyer miss in 2018?", "summary": "Non-executive director Melody Meyer missed 2 board meetings in 2018."}{"content": "When did Paul Anderson stand down from the board?", "summary": "Paul Anderson stood down from the board at the 2018 AGM."}

{"content": "Who was elected as a director at the 2018 AGM?", "summary": "Alison Carnwath was elected as a director at the 2018 AGM."}

{"content": "When did Helge Lund and Pamela Daley join the board?", "summary": "Helge Lund and Pamela Daley joined the board in July 2018 as non-executive director and chairman designate, and non-executive director, respectively."}

{"content": "Who succeeded Carl-Henric Svanberg as the chairman of the board?", "summary": "Helge Lund succeeded Carl-Henric Svanberg as the chairman of the board effective 1 January 2019."}

{"content": "When will Alan Boeckmann and Frank Bowman stand down from the board?", "summary": "Alan Boeckmann and Frank Bowman will stand down from the board at the 2019 AGM."}

{"content": "What is the gender diversity on the board at the end of 2018?", "summary": "At the end of 2018, there were five female directors on the board of 14."}

{"content": "How many female directors were there in 2017?", "summary": "In 2017, there were three female directors on the board."}

{"content": "How many female directors were there in 2016?", "summary": "In 2016, there were three female directors on the board."}

{"content": "What is the average tenure of the non-executive directors?", "summary": "The average tenure of the non-executive directors is as follows: Nils Andersen - 3 years, Alan Boeckmann - 5 years, Frank Bowman - 8 years, Alison Carnwath - 1 year, Pamela Daley - 1 year, Ian Davis - 9 years, Ann Dowling - 6 years, Helge Lund - 1 year, Melody Meyer - 2 years, Brendan Nelson - 8 years, Paula Reynolds - 4 years, John Sawers - 4 years."}

{"content": "How many days per year are NEDs expected to commit to BP?", "summary": "NEDs are expected to commit between 30-40 days per year to BP."}{"content": "What was the purpose of the visit to BP's petrochemicals plant in South Carolina?", "summary": "Board members visited the petrochemicals plant in South Carolina to discuss business emergency continuity planning, safety, risk, operating culture, and new sustainability-related technologies with site leaders."}

{"content": "What were the key risks examined during the committee reviews in 2018?", "summary": "During the committee reviews in 2018, key risks examined included financial liquidity, cyber security, compliance with business regulations, integrated supply and trading, procurement, tax, information technology and security, shipping, Upstream segment, and the lubricants business."}

{"content": "What did Melody Meyer advocate for during her visit to the Muscat office?", "summary": "During her visit to the Muscat office, Melody Meyer advocated for helping and supporting women, driving value, creating advantage from change, showing respect, and valuing contribution."}

{"content": "How often does BP's international advisory board meet?", "summary": "BP's international advisory board meets once or twice a year, and its members remain available to provide advice and counsel in between meetings."}

{"content": "What was the percentage of voting levels at the AGM in 2018?", "summary": "The voting levels at the AGM in 2018 were 67.3% of issued share capital, including votes cast as withheld, which increased from 50.8% in 2017 and 64.3% in 2016."}

{"content": "What were the main topics discussed during the meetings of BP's international advisory board in 2018?", "summary": "The main topics discussed during the meetings of BP's international advisory board in 2018 included the global economy, developments in the Middle East, political events in Latin America, the political and economic outlook in the US, and the UK's potential exit from the European Union."}

{"content": "What functions were reviewed during the effectiveness reviews in 2018?", "summary": "During the effectiveness reviews in 2018, functions such as integrated supply and trading, procurement, tax, information technology and security, shipping, Upstream segment, and the lubricants business were reviewed."}

{"content": "What was the growth rate of voting levels from 2016 to 2018 at the AGM?", "summary": "The growth rate of voting levels at the AGM from 2016 to 2018 was an increase from 64.3% in 2016 to 50.8% in 2017, and further increase to 67.3% in 2018."}

{"content": "How does BP engage with institutional investors and retail investors?", "summary": "BP engages with institutional investors through road shows, group and one-to-one meetings, events for socially responsible investors (SRIs), and oil and gas sector conferences. They also receive feedback on shareholder views through anonymous investor audits and reports from management. BP also holds events specifically for retail investors, where they give presentations on annual results, strategy, and shareholders' questions."}

{"content": "Who are the members of BP's international advisory board in 2018?", "summary": "The members of BP's international advisory board in 2018 were Lord Patten of Barnes, Josh Bolten, President Romano Prodi, Dr Ernesto Zedillo, John Key, and Dr Javier Solana. The chairman, chief executive, and Sir John Sawers also attend the meetings of the advisory board."}1. {"content": "When was the transition to Deloitte from EY completed?", 
    "summary": "The transition to Deloitte from EY was completed in 2018. We met with both EY and Deloitte during 2018 as the transition occurred and oversaw and monitored Deloitte's work as they settled into their role."}

2. {"content": "What were the key responsibilities of the committee in monitoring the group's financial reporting?", 
    "summary": "The committee monitors the effectiveness of the group's financial reporting, systems of internal control, and risk management. They also oversee the integrity of the group's external and internal audit processes."}

3. {"content": "How did the committee oversee the appointment and performance of the external auditor?", 
    "summary": "The committee oversees the appointment, remuneration, independence, and performance of the external auditor. They also ensure the integrity of the audit process as a whole, including the engagement of the external auditor to supply non-audit services to the company."}

4. {"content": "Who is the current chair of the audit committee?", 
    "summary": "Brendan Nelson is the current chair of the audit committee. He was formerly vice chairman of KPMG and president of the Institute of Chartered Accountants of Scotland. He brings extensive financial experience and competence in accounting and auditing to the committee."}

5. {"content": "How many committee meetings were held in 2018 and how many of them were attended by all directors?", 
    "summary": "There were nine committee meetings held in 2018, of which three were by teleconference. All directors attended every meeting during the period in which they were committee members, except for a few who missed a meeting each due to pre-existing external commitments."}

6. {"content": "Can you discuss the role of the committee in reviewing the company's financial disclosures?", 
    "summary": "The committee reviews the company's financial statements and other financial disclosures. They focus on the integrity of the financial reporting process, clarity of disclosure, compliance with relevant legal and financial reporting standards, and the application of accounting policies and judgments."}

7. {"content": "What risks were allocated to the audit committee for monitoring in 2018?", 
    "summary": "The principal risks allocated to the audit committee for monitoring in 2018 included trading activities, compliance with applicable laws and regulations, financial liquidity, and cyber security risk."}

8. {"content": "How did the committee review compliance with applicable laws and regulations?", 
    "summary": "The committee reviewed the group's ethics and compliance program, including the work of the business integrity and ethics functions. They also assessed compliance with applicable laws and regulations that could potentially affect the company's reputation, operational results, and shareholder value."}

9. {"content": "What were the outcomes of the committee's reviews on lubricants, upstream operations, and shipping?", 
    "summary": "The committee conducted reviews on various areas including lubricants, upstream operations, and shipping. These reviews covered aspects such as strategy, financial performance, risk management and controls, audit findings, and ethics and compliance findings."}

10. {"content": "What areas did the committee focus on in reviewing the cyber security risk?", 
     "summary": "The committee focused on ongoing developments in the cyber security landscape, including events in the oil and gas industry and within the company. They examined improvements made in managing cyber risk, including the application of the three lines of defense model and indicators associated with risk management and barrier performance."}1. Q: What are the key risks that could impact BP's financial performance?
   A: The key risks that could impact BP's financial performance include external market conditions, supply and demand fluctuations, and prices achieved for BP's products. These risks have the potential to affect BP's overall financial performance and profitability.

2. Q: What was the pre-tax charge in relation to the Gulf of Mexico oil spill in BP's group income statement?
   A: In BP's group income statement, a pre-tax charge of $1.2 billion was recorded in relation to the Gulf of Mexico oil spill. This charge reflects the financial impact of the incident and the associated costs incurred by BP.

3. Q: How did BP review the effectiveness of internal audit?
   A: BP reviewed the effectiveness of internal audit by receiving quarterly reports on the findings of group audit in 2018. The audit committee also held private meetings with the group head of audit and key members of his leadership team to discuss and evaluate the effectiveness of internal audit processes.

4. Q: What is the total amount of exploration intangibles on BP's balance sheet at the end of 2018?
   A: At the end of 2018, the total amount of exploration intangibles on BP's balance sheet was $16.0 billion. These intangibles represent the costs associated with oil and gas exploration, appraisal, and development expenditure.

5. Q: What was the total amount of impairments recorded by BP in the year?
   A: BP recorded impairments totaling $1.1 billion in the year. These impairments reflect the write-offs related to certain exploration assets and the reassessment of asset carrying values.

6. Q: Can you explain the equity-accounting treatment of BP's investment in Rosneft?
   A: BP's investment in Rosneft is treated using the equity method of accounting. This method allows BP to account for its 19.75% interest in Rosneft and include BP's share of Rosneft's oil and natural gas reserves in the group's estimated net proved reserves of equity-accounted entities.
   
7. Q: What is the estimated fair value of BP's level 3 derivative financial instruments?
   A: BP's level 3 derivative financial instruments have an estimated fair value of $3.6 billion for assets and $3.1 billion for liabilities on the balance sheet at the end of 2018. These derivatives are mainly related to the activities of BP's integrated supply and trading function.

8. Q: What were the decommissioning provisions recognized on BP's balance sheet at the end of 2018?
   A: Decommissioning provisions of $13.6 billion were recognized on BP's balance sheet at the end of 2018. These provisions represent the estimated costs for the future decommissioning of oil and natural gas production facilities and pipelines at the end of their economic lives.

9. Q: How does BP account for pensions and other post-retirement benefits?
   A: BP accounts for pensions and other post-retirement benefits in accordance with accounting standards. The specific details of BP's accounting for these benefits may include assumptions about future discount rates, inflation rates, employee demographic information, and other relevant factors.

10. Q: What were the key areas of judgement considered by the audit committee in 2018?
    A: In 2018, the audit committee considered several key areas of judgement, including the recognition of provisions relating to the Gulf of Mexico oil spill, accounting for oil and natural gas reserves, determination of asset impairments, assessment of control or influence over investments, valuation of derivative financial instruments, and estimation of decommissioning provisions. These areas required careful evaluation and decision-making by the audit committee to ensure accurate financial reporting.{"content": "What is the role of the Safety, Ethics, and Environment Assurance Committee (SEEAC)?", "summary": "The role of the SEEAC is to look at the processes adopted by BP's executive management to identify and mitigate significant non-financial risk. This includes monitoring the management of personal and process safety and receiving assurance that processes to identify and mitigate such non-financial risks are appropriate in their design and effective in their implementation."}

{"content": "How many site visits did the committee make in the year?", "summary": "The committee made two site visits in the year. In July, members of the committee visited the Thunder Horse platform in the Gulf of Mexico, and in September, members visited the Cooper River petrochemicals plant in South Carolina."}

{"content": "Which risks were assigned to SEEAC for review in 2018?", "summary": "The risks assigned to SEEAC for review in 2018 were marine, wells, pipelines, explosion or release at facilities, major security incidents, and cyber security in the process control network. The committee receives reports on each of these risks and monitors their management and mitigation."}

{"content": "What did the committee review in the BP Sustainability Report 2017?", "summary": "The committee was responsible for the overview of the BP Sustainability Report 2017. They reviewed the content and worked with the external auditor to ensure their assurance of the report."}

{"content": "How many committee meetings were held in 2018?", "summary": "There were six committee meetings held in 2018."}

{"content": "How many meetings did Alan Boeckmann miss in 2018?", "summary": "Alan Boeckmann, the committee chair, missed two meetings in 2018 due to unforeseen personal circumstances."}

{"content": "How often do the audit committee and SEEAC hold joint meetings?", "summary": "The audit committee and SEEAC hold joint meetings on a quarterly basis to simplify reporting of key issues that are within the remit of both committees and to make more effective use of their time. They jointly met four times in 2018."}

{"content": "How many times did the committee review the company's management of different risks?", "summary": "The committee reviewed the company's management of risks relating to marine, wells, pipelines, explosion or release at facilities, major security incidents, and cyber security (process control networks) in-depth with relevant executive management."}

{"content": "How did the committee contribute to embedding a culture focused on operational risk mitigation?", "summary": "At every site visit, the committee engages with local leadership who help to embed a culture focused on operational risk mitigation. They have meaningful and open dialogue with the local site teams, allowing them to better fulfill their obligations."}

{"content": "What was the outcome of the externally facilitated evaluation of the committee's performance?", "summary": "The outcome of the externally facilitated evaluation of the committee's performance in 2018 was positive. Committee members considered that they continued to possess the right mix of skills and background, had an appropriate level of support, and received open and transparent briefings from management."}{"content": "What is the purpose of the committee responsible for the BP Sustainability Report 2017?", "summary": "The committee was responsible for the overview of the BP Sustainability Report 2017. The committee reviewed content and worked with the external auditor with respect to their assurance of the report."}

{"content": "Who is Pamela Daley and when did she join the remuneration committee?", "summary": "Pamela Daley joined the remuneration committee on January 1, 2019."}

{"content": "Which company has continued as the independent adviser for BP since 2017?", "summary": "PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP has continued as the independent adviser for BP since 2017."}

{"content": "How many times did the committee meet during the year?", "summary": "The committee met seven times during the year."}

{"content": "How does the remuneration committee determine the remuneration policy for the chairman and executive directors?", "summary": "The remuneration committee determines the remuneration policy for the chairman and executive directors by taking into account various factors, including structuring the policy to promote the long-term success of the company and linking reward to business performance. The committee also recognizes the remuneration principles applicable to all employees below board level."}

{"content": "What is the focus of the committee's decisions regarding executive director remuneration?", "summary": "The committee's focus regarding executive director remuneration is on the overall quantum of remuneration and its alignment to the broader group of employees in BP. The committee aims to reflect the views of shareholders and the broader societal context in its decisions."}

{"content": "What is the role of the geopolitical committee in monitoring and managing geopolitical risk?", "summary": "The role of the geopolitical committee is to monitor BP's identification and management of major and correlated geopolitical risk. This includes considering reputational as well as financial consequences of such risks. The committee reviews BP's activities in the context of political and economic developments on a regional basis and advises the board on these elements in its consideration of BP's strategy and annual plan."}

{"content": "How has the remuneration committee engaged with shareholders and proxy voting agencies?", "summary": "The remuneration committee engaged with shareholders and proxy voting agencies ahead of the 2018 AGM. The committee chair, chairman, and company secretary carried out the engagement as required. The new committee chair continued engagement throughout the year, primarily with larger shareholders and representative bodies, in light of evolving regulation and related remuneration issues."}

{"content": "What were the outcomes of the committee's externally facilitated evaluation in 2018?", "summary": "The externally facilitated evaluation of the committee's performance in 2018 concluded that the committee had worked well and had responded to the previous evaluation by increasing its remit to take on oversight of remuneration below board level."}

{"content": "How has the geopolitical committee evolved and developed throughout the year?", "summary": "The geopolitical committee continued to develop and evolve throughout the year. It discussed BP's involvement in key countries where it has existing investments or is considering investment and considered broader policy issues such as US domestic and foreign policy and the impact of a low oil price on producing countries. The committee reviewed its performance through feedback from external evaluations and is considering greater integration with the board and international advisory board."}1. Q: What is the purpose of the chairman's committee in the company?
   A: The purpose of the chairman's committee is to provide a forum for matters to be discussed by the non-executive directors. It evaluates the performance and effectiveness of the group chief executive, reviews the structure and effectiveness of the business organization, reviews the systems for senior executive development, determines succession plans for the group chief executive and other senior members of executive management, and opines on any matter referred to it by the chairman of any committees comprised solely of non-executive directors.

2. Q: How many times did the nomination and governance committee meet in 2018?
   A: The nomination and governance committee met three times in 2018.

3. Q: What are the key responsibilities of the nomination and governance committee?
   A: The key responsibilities of the nomination and governance committee are to identify, evaluate, and recommend candidates for appointment or reappointment as directors, review the outside directorships/commitments of the non-executive directors, review the mix of knowledge, skills, experience, and diversity of the board, identify, evaluate, and recommend candidates for appointment as company secretary, review developments in law, regulation, and best practice relating to corporate governance, and make recommendations to the board on appropriate actions to allow compliance.

4. Q: Who chaired the nomination and governance committee in 2018?
   A: Carl-Henric Svanberg chaired the nomination and governance committee in 2018. However, he stood down as chairman of both the nomination and governance committees in October 2018.

5. Q: How many major projects did the company deliver from 2016-2018?
   A: The company delivered a total of 19 major projects from 2016-2018.

6. Q: How does the remuneration policy of the company align with its strategic priorities?
   A: The remuneration policy of the company aligns with its strategic priorities by delivering remuneration in three parts: a market-aligned foundation of base salary, benefits, and retirement provision; annual incentives based on measures that reflect the company's strategy; and a material opportunity to earn shares at the end of a three-year performance period. The policy ensures that targets are strongly aligned with strategic priorities, requiring material effort to achieve outcomes.

7. Q: What is the total amount of dividends distributed by the company in 2018?
   A: The company distributed a total of $8.1 billion in dividends in 2018.

8. Q: What was the underlying replacement cost profit of the company in 2018?
   A: The underlying replacement cost profit of the company in 2018 was $12.7 billion.

9. Q: What investments has the company made in businesses related to a lower carbon future?
   A: The company has made investments in businesses related to a lower carbon future, such as the acquisition of Chargemaster, the UK's largest electric vehicle charging company, and the expansion of the solar company Lightsource BP. These investments align with the company's commitment to advancing a lower carbon future.

10. Q: How many times did the committee for evaluating the performance of the group chief executive meet in 2018?
    A: The committee for evaluating the performance of the group chief executive met six times in 2018.{"content": "Bob Dudley's salary", "summary": "Bob Dudley's salary remained unchanged at $1,854,000."}

{"content": "Brian Gilvary's salary", "summary": "Brian Gilvary's salary increased by 2% to £775,000."}

{"content": "Benefits for Bob Dudley", "summary": "Bob Dudley is a member of both US pension and retirement savings plans. His defined benefit pension did not increase in 2018, but he receives benefits that are competitive according to practice in his home country."}

{"content": "Benefits for Brian Gilvary", "summary": "Brian Gilvary is a member of a UK final salary defined benefit pension plan and receives a cash allowance in lieu of further service accrual. His accrued defined benefit pension increase was below inflation. He does not receive any form of compensation related to the reductions in his cash allowance."}

{"content": "Percentage increase in Brian Gilvary's salary", "summary": "Brian Gilvary's salary increased by 2% to £790,500, representing a percentage increase of approximately xx%."}

{"content": "Percentage decrease in Bob Dudley's total remuneration", "summary": "Bob Dudley's total remuneration decreased by 3%, reflecting a decrease in his annual bonus and the investment return on his retirement savings, partly offset by an increase due to share price growth."}

{"content": "Vesting outcome of 2016-18 performance shares for Bob Dudley", "summary": "The vesting outcome of the 2016-18 performance shares for Bob Dudley was reduced to 80% by the committee's discretion. Awards granted in 2017 and 2019 will vest in proportion to success against the measures of the respective scorecards."}

{"content": "How the committee determines executive directors' long-term award outcomes", "summary": "The committee determines executive directors' long-term award outcomes by linking the largest part of the remuneration opportunity with the long-term performance of the business. The outcome varies based on performance against measures linked to financial returns and strategic priorities."}

{"content": "Measures included in BP's bonus scorecard for 2019", "summary": "BP's bonus scorecard for 2019 includes measures of safety and operational risk, reliable operations, financial performance, and environmental targets. The performance scorecard for 2019 includes an environmental target weighted at 10%."}

{"content": "Review regarding wider workforce remuneration in 2019", "summary": "In 2019, a review has taken place regarding wider workforce remuneration, examining the implications of pay and benefits differences across the workforce. The committee has also deepened its understanding of wider workforce remuneration and adopted measures as appropriate under the revised UK Corporate Governance Code."}{"content": "What were BP's total remuneration figures for the CEO in 2018?", 
"summary": "In 2018, BP's CEO, Bob Dudley, had a total remuneration of $14.7 million."}

{"content": "What was the growth rate of BP's profits in 2018 compared to the previous year?", 
"summary": "BP's profits in 2018 more than doubled compared to the previous year, showcasing a remarkable period of delivery and preparation for the future."}

{"content": "Can you provide an overview of BP's operational performance in 2018?", 
"summary": "In 2018, BP had exceptional operational performance, with record plant reliability in the upstream and refining throughput in the downstream. They also achieved improvement across virtually all safety measures, experienced growth in their retail business, and successfully delivered six major projects. Their profits have more than doubled, with an 11.2% return on capital, setting strong foundations for continuing returns over the near and long term."}

{"content": "What were the safety and operational risk measures included in BP's 2018 bonus scorecard?", 
"summary": "BP's 2018 bonus scorecard included safety and operational risk measures such as tier 1 process safety events, recordable injury frequency, downstream refining availability, and BP-operated upstream plant reliability."}

{"content": "What was the percentage of BP-operated upstream plant reliability achieved in 2018?", 
"summary": "BP achieved a BP-operated upstream plant reliability of 93.3% in 2018, reflecting their commitment to maintaining reliable operations in the upstream sector."}

{"content": "How does BP align the interests of its executive directors with those of shareholders?", 
"summary": "BP aligns the interests of its executive directors with those of shareholders by ensuring that the executive directors hold significant holdings in BP, which exceed the shareholding policy requirement of five times salary. This reinforces their commitment to the company's success and shareholders' interests."}

{"content": "What was the maximum performance outcome for financial measures in BP's 2018 annual bonus?", 
"summary": "The maximum performance outcome for financial measures in BP's 2018 annual bonus was reached by achieving targets related to cumulative operating cash flow, underlying replacement cost profit, and upstream unit production costs."}

{"content": "What was the percentage increase in BP's operating cash flow in 2018 compared to the previous year?", 
"summary": "BP's operating cash flow in 2018 increased by 8% compared to the previous year, although it fell marginally short of the adjusted threshold level. Despite this, the company's target-setting process ensured rigorous adherence to the policy and delivered a nil outcome for the operating cash flow component in the annual bonus calculation."}

{"content": "How does BP determine the final bonus score and outcomes for its executive directors and senior leadership?", 
"summary": "BP determines the final bonus score and outcomes for its executive directors and senior leadership through a formulaic scorecard that considers performance measures related to safety, reliable operations, and financial performance. The scores are then discussed and confirmed with the relevant committees, ensuring transparency and fairness in the bonus calculation."}

{"content": "What was the threshold outcome for safety performance in BP's 2018 annual bonus?", 
"summary": "In BP's 2018 annual bonus, the threshold outcome for safety performance was set at the level of their outcomes in 2017. This means that they had to exceed their 2017 results to achieve even a minimum contribution to the 2018 bonus."}1. Q: What is the value of the bonus paid in cash to Bob Dudley in 2018?
   A: The value of the bonus paid in cash to Bob Dudley in 2018 was $844,729.

2. Q: What is the average number of major projects delivered by BP over the three-year period?
   A: BP delivered 19 major projects over the three-year period, exceeding the top measurement scale of 13, allowing for maximum vesting.

3. Q: How does BP align its strategy with its remuneration measures?
   A: BP aligns its strategy with its remuneration measures by tracking progress against key performance indicators (KPIs) that directly translate into the measures used to assess annual bonus and performance share awards. This alignment ensures that the focus of the board and executive management is in line with the interests of shareholders.

4. Q: What is the reduction in value of Brian Gilvary's vested shares due to discretion and re-basing?
   A: The reduction in value of Brian Gilvary's vested shares due to discretion and re-basing was £535,863.

5. Q: What is the cumulative operating cash flow of BP for the period?
   A: The cumulative operating cash flow of BP for the period was $68 billion, excluding Gulf of Mexico oil spill payments, surpassing the threshold performance level of $61.2 billion.

6. Q: How does BP ensure that its bonus and performance share measures align with shareholder interests?
   A: BP ensures that its bonus and performance share measures align with shareholder interests by assessing performance against key measures such as total shareholder return, return on average capital employed, and strategic priorities. These measures directly underpin BP's absolute total shareholder return and safety/environmental factors, ensuring alignment with shareholder interests.

7. Q: What is the value of the vested shares for Bob Dudley in 2018?
   A: The value of the vested shares for Bob Dudley in 2018 was $11,043,179.

8. Q: What is the safety and operational risk score for BP over the three-year period?
   A: The safety and operational risk score for BP over the three-year period was assessed at 88% of maximum, based on improvements in tier 1 process safety incidents and recordable injury frequency.

9. Q: How does BP assess its performance against safety and operational risk measures?
   A: BP assesses its performance against safety and operational risk measures by looking at year-on-year performance in tier 1 process safety incidents and recordable injury frequency. Input from the Safety, Environment, and Ethics Assurance Committee (SEEAC) is also sought to ensure a thorough assessment.

10. Q: What is the total formulaic vesting for the performance share awards in 2016-18?
    A: The total formulaic vesting for the performance share awards in 2016-18 was 90.5%. However, the committee decided to exercise downward discretion and reduce the vesting to 80% of maximum, taking into account stakeholder context and experience over the three-year period and broader considerations for proportional and appropriate rewards.{"content": "What were the total shares granted to Bob Dudley in 2015?", "summary": "In 2015, Bob Dudley was granted a total of 551,784 shares as part of the deferred and matching awards."}

{"content": "What is the trend in group chief executive remuneration from 2009 to 2018?", "summary": "The group chief executive remuneration has seen fluctuations over the years, with Tony Hayward receiving £6,753 in 2009, Bob Dudley receiving $19,376 in 2015, and a decrease to $14,666 in 2018."}

{"content": "How does BP ensure a well-balanced and structured approach to reward for its wider workforce?", "summary": "BP ensures a well-balanced and structured approach to reward for its wider workforce by conducting an annual salary review, taking into account comparable pay rates, skills, knowledge, individual performance, and budget considerations. They also offer market-aligned benefits packages and operate an annual cash bonus plan based on performance factors at different levels within the organization. The company also emphasizes performance management and provides opportunities for recognition and feedback through programs like 'energize!'."}

{"content": "What is the normal retirement age for Brian Gilvary?", "summary": "Brian Gilvary's normal retirement age is 60, and he is a member of the UK pension arrangement. Benefits accrued before December 1, 2006, may be paid from age 55 with BP's consent."}

{"content": "What is the percentage increase in Bob Dudley's total remuneration from 2014 to 2018?", "summary": "Bob Dudley's total remuneration increased by approximately 10.6% from $16,390 in 2014 to $14,666 in 2018."}

{"content": "How does BP engage and equip its workforce for the future?", "summary": "BP engages and equips its workforce for the future through various means, including a disciplined approach to performance management, setting annual priorities for safety and value creation, and behavioral objectives. The company also encourages feedback and recognition through programs like 'energize!' and emphasizes diversity and inclusion in creating teams."}

{"content": "How many employees participate in BP's annual cash bonus plan?", "summary": "Approximately half of BP's global workforce, which amounts to thousands of employees, participate in the annual cash bonus plan."}

{"content": "What is the average performance factor for the annual cash bonus plan?", "summary": "The average performance factor for the annual cash bonus plan varies depending on the performance outcomes measured at a group, business area, and individual level. The factor can range from 0 to 2, and it reflects the performance of employees and the overall success of BP."}

{"content": "What are the key findings of the safety and sustainability assessment conducted by BP?", "summary": "The safety and sustainability assessment conducted by BP did not identify any systemic issues or major incidents. It highlighted the strong safety performance within the organization and the integration of safety culture and values. The assessment concluded that safety performance supports efficiency and financial results across the group."}

{"content": "What is the vesting period for performance shares for employees below the group leader level?", "summary": "For employees below the group leader level, the vesting period for performance shares is three years as part of BP's performance share plan. The vesting is subject to group performance outcomes."}{"content": "the annual bonus. For a more immediate impact, BP is also encouraging more ‘in the moment’ feedback through our new global recognition programme ‘energize!’, introduced in 2018. Energize! has been well received in all business areas and locations, with 77% of employees recognized at least once, at a frequency of around 1,500 recognition moments every day by year end.", "summary": "BP has introduced a global recognition program called 'energize!' to encourage more immediate feedback. By the end of the year, 77% of employees were recognized at least once, with about 1,500 recognition moments every day."}

1. Q: How is BP encouraging more immediate feedback among its employees?
   A: BP has introduced a global recognition program called 'energize!' to encourage more immediate feedback.

2. Q: What is the name of BP's global recognition program?
   A: BP's global recognition program is called 'energize!'.

3. Q: What percentage of employees were recognized through BP's recognition program by the end of the year?
   A: By the end of the year, 77% of employees were recognized at least once through BP's recognition program.

4. Q: How frequently were recognition moments taking place by the end of the year?
   A: By the end of the year, recognition moments were taking place at a frequency of around 1,500 every day.

{"content": "With strong emphasis on diversity and inclusion to create teams that reflect their communities, and with the enduring foundation of BP’s values and behaviours to build respect, we believe BP employees work in a supportive, meritocratic and progressive environment. This positive environment is reflected in being the highest-ranked UK recruiter in the oil and gas sector in the Times newspaper’s Top 100 Graduate Employer rankings 2018.", "summary": "BP prioritizes diversity and inclusion to create teams that reflect their communities. This has resulted in BP being ranked as the highest UK recruiter in the oil and gas sector in the Times newspaper’s Top 100 Graduate Employer rankings 2018."}

5. Q: How does BP prioritize diversity and inclusion in creating teams?
   A: BP prioritizes diversity and inclusion to create teams that reflect their communities.

6. Q: How has BP been recognized for its recruitment efforts in the oil and gas sector?
   A: BP has been recognized as the highest UK recruiter in the oil and gas sector in the Times newspaper’s Top 100 Graduate Employer rankings 2018.

{"content": "In 2016 and 2017 we disclosed the ratio between our group chief executive’s (GCE) total remuneration and the median (P50) remuneration of a comparator group of our UK and US professional workforce (representing 38% of our global professional workforce). We believe this representation offers a valuable data point, highlighting relevant pay differentials within BP. On this basis, our 2018 GCE to median pay ratio is 106:1.", "summary": "BP's group chief executive-to-employee pay ratio in 2018 was 106:1 based on the total remuneration comparison with a comparator group of UK and US professional workforce."}

7. Q: What was BP's group chief executive-to-employee pay ratio in 2018?
   A: BP's group chief executive-to-employee pay ratio in 2018 was 106:1.

{"content": "With effect from year ending 31 December 2019, the UK government will require that we calculate the total remuneration of the three BP UK employees whose remuneration represents the 25th, 50th and 75th percentile of our entire UK workforce. We are then required to disclose the ratio of our group chief executive’s total remuneration against each of those three representative employees.", "summary": "BP will calculate the total remuneration of three representative employees in the UK and disclose the ratio against the group chief executive's total remuneration as per the UK government's requirement."}

8. Q: How will BP calculate the total remuneration of three representative employees in the UK?
   A: BP will calculate the total remuneration of three representative employees in the UK based on their position in the 25th, 50th, and 75th percentiles of the entire UK workforce.

9. Q: What is the purpose of calculating the total remuneration of three representative employees in the UK?
   A: The purpose is to disclose the ratio of the group chief executive's total remuneration against each of those three representative employees as per the UK government's requirement.

{"content": "Comparing 2018 to 2017 Salary Benefits Bonus % change in GCE remuneration 0% 8.0% -43.4% % change in comparator group remuneration 4.4% 0% -7.8% The comparator group used here is the same as used in our voluntary pay ratio disclosures since 2017, i.e. our professional and managerial grade staff in the UK and US. This group is employed on readily comparable terms to the group chief executive, and represents approximately one third of our total employee base.", "summary": "In 2018, there was no change in the group chief executive's remuneration, while the comparator group's remuneration increased by 4.4%. The comparator group consists of professional and managerial staff in the UK and US, representing approximately one third of BP's total employee base."}

10. Q: What was the percentage change in BP's group chief executive's remuneration compared to the professional workforce in 2018?
    A: In 2018, there was no change in the group chief executive's remuneration, while the comparator group's remuneration increased by 4.4%.{"content": "What is the fee structure for the chairman of BP since May 2013?", "summary": "The fee structure for the chairman, which has been in place since May 2013, is £785,000 per year. The chairman is not eligible for committee chairmanship and membership fees or intercontinental travel allowance."}

{"content": "How much was Carl-Henric Svanberg paid in fees and benefits in 2018?", "summary": "As chairman throughout 2018, Carl-Henric Svanberg had the use of a fully maintained office for company business, a car and driver, and security advice in London. He received a total of £809,000 in fees and benefits for the year 2018."}

{"content": "What was the percentage change in Alan Boeckmann's fees from 2017 to 2018?", "summary": "Alan Boeckmann's fees decreased by approximately 6% from £165,000 in 2017 to £155,000 in 2018, representing a percentage change of -6%."}

{"content": "What is the value of Melody Meyer's current shareholding as a percentage of the shareholding policy?", "summary": "Melody Meyer's current shareholding, as a percentage of the shareholding policy, is 126%. This means that she holds shares equivalent to 126% of the policy set by BP."}

{"content": "How did the value of BP's ordinary shares compare to the FTSE 100 Index over the past 10 years?", "summary": "Based on the graph provided, the value of a hypothetical £100 investment in BP's ordinary shares increased from 2009 to 2013, remained relatively stable from 2013 to 2016, and experienced a decline from 2016 to 2018. In comparison, the FTSE 100 Index showed similar trends with some variations over the same period."}

{"content": "Who acted as the secretary to the remuneration committee in 2018?", "summary": "During 2018, David Jackson and subsequently Hannah Ashdown, both of whom were employed by the company and reported to the chairman of the board, acted as secretary to the remuneration committee."}

{"content": "How much were the total fees for the provision of remuneration advice to the remuneration committee in 2018?", "summary": "The total fees for the provision of remuneration advice to the remuneration committee in 2018 amounted to £179,200. These fees were charged based on an hourly rate and were provided by PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP."}

{"content": "How did shareholders vote on the directors' remuneration report at the 2018 AGM?", "summary": "At the 2018 AGM, 96.42% of shareholders voted in favor of the directors' remuneration report, while 3.58% voted against it. A total of 42,741,541 votes were withheld on the report."}

{"content": "How did BP engage with its shareholders regarding remuneration policy in 2018?", "summary": "Throughout 2018, BP engaged in discussions with many of its largest shareholders and investor representative bodies regarding remuneration policy and approach. These discussions aimed to gather feedback and consider updates to the company's remuneration and minimum shareholdings policies for 2020."}

{"content": "What is the board's stance on executive directors taking up external appointments?", "summary": "The board of BP supports executive directors taking up external appointments outside the company to broaden their knowledge and experience. Each executive director is permitted to retain any fee from their external appointments, which must be agreed upon by the chairman and reported to the board. These appointments should not conflict with their duties and commitments to BP."}{"content": "DirectorAppointee companyAdditional position\nheld at appointee company Total fees\nBob Dudley RosneftaDirector 0\nBrian Gilvary Air Liquide Non-executive director Euros 70,500\na Bob Dudley holds this appointment as a result of the company’s shareholding in Rosneft.", 
"summary": "The total fees paid to Bob Dudley as a director at Rosneft were 0. Brian Gilvary received total fees of Euros 70,500 for his position as a non-executive director at Air Liquide. Bob Dudley's appointment at Rosneft is due to the company's shareholding in Rosneft."}

{"content": "Please refer to the committee report on page 83 for details of membership of the remuneration committee during 2018.", 
"summary": "For details of the membership of the remuneration committee in 2018, please refer to page 83 of the committee report."}

{"content": "Reflects role and home\ncountry marketSalary and benefits reflect the scale and complexity of the role, and competitive practice in the market.\n• Bob Dudley’s salary will remain at $1,854,000 for 2019.\n• With ef\nfect from the AGM, Brian Gilvary’s salary will increase\nby 2% to £790,500.\n• This co\nmpares to an average increase of over 3.5% to our UK\nsalaried staff, effective on our annual salary review date 1 April. • Benefi ts will remain unchanged for 2019. These include\ncar-related benefits, assistance with tax return preparation,\nsecurity assistance, insurance and medical benefits.",
"summary": "The salary and benefits for Bob Dudley and Brian Gilvary reflect the scale and complexity of their roles, as well as competitive practices in the market. Bob Dudley's salary will remain at $1,854,000 for 2019, while Brian Gilvary's salary will increase by 2% to £790,500 from the date of the AGM. This increase is in line with the average increase for our UK salaried staff. The benefits for both individuals, including car-related benefits, tax return assistance, security assistance, and insurance and medical benefits, will remain unchanged for 2019."}

{"content": "Up to 225% of salary\nAligned with annual\nobjectivesThe bonus links variable pay to safety, environmental goals, reliable operations and financial performance\nfor the year.\n• Maximum bonus requires performance at the top of the\nmeas\nurement scale on every measure – a scorecard\noutcome of 2.0.\n• A score\ncard outcome of 1.0, reflecting target on each\nmeasurement scale, delivers half of maximum bonus.\n• 50% of bo\nnus earned is paid in cash, 50% is deferred into\nshares for three years.\n• The sco\ncard measures for the bonus are set annually to\nreflect priorities. The committee sets measurement scales (disclosed retrospectively) that require year-on-year improvement.•\nFor 201 9, performance will be assessed against:\n– Safet\ny – 20%\n– Enviro\nnment – 10%\n– Relia\nble operations – 20%\n– Financia\nl performance – 50%.\n• The com\nmittee holds discretion to adjust outcomes to reflect\nbroader performance considerations.", 
"summary": "The maximum bonus opportunity for executives directors is up to 225% of salary. The bonus is aligned with annual objectives and is based on performance in key areas such as safety, environmental goals, reliable operations, and financial performance. To receive the maximum bonus, performance must be at the top of the measurement scale on every measure, resulting in a scorecard outcome of 2.0. A scorecard outcome of 1.0, reflecting target performance on each measurement scale, delivers half of the maximum bonus. 50% of the bonus earned is paid in cash, while the remaining 50% is deferred into shares for three years. The specific measures for the bonus, including safety, environment, reliable operations, and financial performance, are set annually to reflect priorities. The committee has the discretion to adjust outcomes to reflect broader performance considerations."}

{"content": "GCE – 500%  \nCFO – 450%  \nof salary\nVesting reflects \nthree-year performanceDirectly linked to long-term performance and represents the largest part of total remuneration.\n• Three-year performance period, followed by further\nthre\ne-year holding period.\n• Measures\naligned to BP strategy and shareholders’ interests.\n• For the 2\n019-21 cycle, vesting level will first be assessed on\nperformance over the three years in these areas:\n– TSR rel\native to oil and gas majors – 50% weighting.\n– ROACE – a\nveraged over the full period – 20% weighting.\n– Progr\ness against our strategic objectives – 30%\nweighting.• Under pin – the committee will then review broader\nperformance, including absolute TSR, safety and\nenvironmental factors in order to determine the\nfinal vesting outcome.", 
"summary": "The performance share awards for the 2019-21 cycle will be granted at the level of 500% of salary for GCE and 450% of salary for CFO. The vesting of these awards reflects three-year performance, directly linked to long-term performance and representing the largest part of total remuneration. After the three-year performance period, there is an additional three-year holding period. The measures for performance are aligned with BP's strategy and shareholders' interests. For the 2019-21 cycle, the vesting level will first be assessed based on performance over the three years in areas such as TSR relative to oil and gas majors (50% weighting), ROACE averaged over the full period (20% weighting), and progress against strategic objectives (30% weighting). The committee will then review broader performance, including absolute TSR, safety, and environmental factors, to determine the final vesting outcome."}

{"content": "The maximum bonus opportunity remains 225% of salary, for a\nmaximum bonus score of 2.0. In accordance with the 2017 policy,\nthe bonus payable for performance which meets the annual plan\n(i.e. a bonus score of 1.0 out of a maximum of 2.0) is half of maximum, 112.5% of salary.\nFor any bonus earned, 50% will be delivered in cash and 50% will be\ndeferred into shares that will vest after three years.", 
"summary": "The maximum bonus opportunity for executives directors remains at 225% of salary, with a maximum bonus score of 2.0. If performance meets the annual plan, which corresponds to a bonus score of 1.0, the bonus payable will be half of the maximum amount, equivalent to 112.5% of salary. For any bonus earned, 50% will be paid in cash and the remaining 50% will be deferred into shares that will vest after three years."}

{"content": "The measures for the 2019-21 cycle of performance shares focus on\nshareholder value, capital discipline and future growth.\nShareholder value\nThe TSR element is measured on a relative basis against the oil majors: Chevron, ExxonMobil, Shell and Total. We maintain our belief that the current comparator group remains appropriate as it is used for benchmarking across a range of activities in other parts of the group.\nThis measure carries a 50% weighting in the vesting calculation, with\ntargets shown below.\nCapital discipline\nROACE is calculated by dividing the underlying replacement cost profit (after adding back net interest) by average capital employed excluding cash and goodwill (see Glossary on page 315 for full definition). ROACE is measured based on the actual price environment for each of the years in question; there will be no adjustments for changes to plan conditions. For the 2019-21 performance shares award, this assessment will be averaged over the full three-year period.\nThis ROACE measure carries a 20% weighting in the vesting calculation,", 
"summary": "The measures for the 2019-21 cycle of performance shares focus on shareholder value, capital discipline, and future growth. The TSR element is measured on a relative basis against the oil majors, including Chevron, ExxonMobil, Shell, and Total. This measure carries a 50% weighting in the vesting calculation. The ROACE measure is based on the actual price environment for each of the years and is averaged over the full three-year period. This measure carries a 20% weighting in the vesting calculation."}

{"content": "Reinforces alignment with shareholder interests, and stewardship of the enterprise.\n• Continuing requirement for executive directors to maintain a\nholding of five times salary.\n• Bob and B\nrian are expected to maintain a holding of at least\ntwo and a half times salary for two years post employment.• In addi tion, the executive directors have voluntarily elected to\ndefer the vesting date of certain other share awards, with associated performance conditions, which would otherwise have been unrestricted.", 
"summary": "The share ownership requirement reinforces alignment with shareholder interests and stewardship of the enterprise. Executive directors are required to maintain a holding of five times salary, while Bob and Brian are expected to maintain a holding of at least two and a half times salary for two years post-employment. Additionally, the executive directors have chosen to defer the vesting date of certain other share awards, along with their associated performance conditions, which would have otherwise been unrestricted."}

{"content": "The committee has set the 2019 targets after consultation on the safety\ntargets with the SEEAC and on the financial targets with the MBAC. Although the detail of these targets is currently commercially sensitive, the committee will provide retrospective disclosure following the year end, as with previous cycles. As before, the committee will consider changes in plan conditions (including oil and gas prices and refining margins) when reviewing financial outcomes at year end, and retains discretion to review outcomes in the context of overall performance.", 
"summary": "The committee has set the 2019 targets for safety and financial performance after consulting with the SEEAC and MBAC respectively. The specifics of these targets are currently commercially sensitive but will be disclosed retrospectively following the year-end, as has been done in previous cycles. The committee will also consider changes in plan conditions, such as oil and gas prices and refining margins, when reviewing financial outcomes at the end of the year, and retains the discretion to review outcomes in the context of overall performance."}

{"content": "In line with our 2017 policy, the performance share awards for our\n2019-21 cycle will be granted in 2019 at the level of 500% of salary for Bob and 450% of salary for Brian. Performance will then be measured over three years, with any vested shares being subject to a mandatory holding period of a further three years. These awards are subject to malus and clawback provisions as set out in the policy.", 
"summary": "In accordance with the 2017 policy, the performance share awards for the 2019-21 cycle will be granted in 2019 at the level of 500% of salary for Bob and 450% of salary for Brian. Performance will be measured over a three-year period, and any vested shares will be subject to a mandatory holding period of an additional three years. These awards are also subject to malus and clawback provisions as outlined in the policy."}

{"content": "The specific measures for the 2019-21 cycle of performance shares include TSR relative to oil and gas majors (50% weighting), ROACE averaged over the full period (20% weighting), and progress against strategic objectives (30% weighting). Additional performance factors, such as absolute TSR, safety, and environmental factors, will be considered by the committee in determining the final vesting outcome.", 
"summary": "For the 2019-21 cycle of performance shares, the measures used include TSR relative to oil and gas majors (50% weighting), ROACE averaged over the full period (20% weighting), and progress against strategic objectives (30% weighting). The committee will also consider additional performance factors, such as absolute TSR, safety, and environmental factors, when determining the final vesting outcome."}{"content": "What is the weighting of the ROACE measure in the vesting calculation?", "summary": "The ROACE measure carries a 20% weighting in the vesting calculation."}

{"content": "Are the details of the strategic progress targets included in this report?", "summary": "No, the details of the strategic progress targets are not included in this report, as they are commercially sensitive. However, detailed retrospective disclosure will be provided after the end of the performance period."}

{"content": "What factors will the committee consider in the broader performance assessment?", "summary": "The committee will consider absolute TSR performance, safety and environmental factors (including greenhouse gases), and the group's progress on reducing emissions, improving products, and creating low carbon businesses in the broader performance assessment."}

{"content": "What are the measures for the performance shares for the years 2019-21?", "summary": "The measures for the performance shares for the years 2019-21 include relative TSR versus oil majors (50% weighting) and return on average capital employed (20% weighting) as key performance indicators. The remaining 30% weighting is for strategic progress."}

{"content": "How many participants are there in the BP Excess Compensation (Savings) Plan?", "summary": "There are approximately 2,000 participants in the BP Excess Compensation (Savings) Plan."}

{"content": "What is the growth rate of greenhouse gas emissions for the company in the past three years?", "summary": "The growth rate of greenhouse gas emissions for the company in the past three years is not mentioned in the given content."}

{"content": "How does the company's Return on Average Capital Employed compare to other oil majors?", "summary": "The return on average capital employed for the company is not compared to other oil majors in the given content."}

{"content": "What is the performance target for the strategic progress element in the vesting calculation?", "summary": "The performance target for the strategic progress element in the vesting calculation is not mentioned in the given content."}

{"content": "How many participants have elected to receive the cash allowance instead of accrual in the final salary plan?", "summary": "The number of participants who have elected to receive the cash allowance instead of accrual in the final salary plan is not mentioned in the given content."}

{"content": "What is the maximum two-thirds pension reduction in the BPPS plan?", "summary": "The maximum two-thirds pension reduction in the BPPS plan is not mentioned in the given content."}{"content": "What is the purpose of the statement regarding the company's internal controls over financial reporting?", "summary": "The purpose of the statement is to provide assurance to shareholders and other stakeholders that the company has effective internal controls in place to ensure the accuracy and reliability of its financial reporting."}

{"content": "Where is the statement regarding the company's internal controls over financial reporting set out?", "summary": "The statement regarding the company's internal controls over financial reporting is set out on page 300 of the Annual Report and Accounts."}

{"content": "What is the basis of accounting adopted by the directors in preparing the financial statements?", "summary": "The directors have adopted the going concern basis of accounting in preparing the financial statements."}

{"content": "What does the board consider the Annual Report and financial statements provide to shareholders?", "summary": "The board considers that the Annual Report and financial statements provide fair, balanced, and understandable information necessary for shareholders to assess the company's position, performance, business model, and strategy."}

{"content": "What is the purpose of the Independent auditor's report on the Annual Report and Accounts?", "summary": "The purpose of the Independent auditor's report is to provide an opinion on whether the financial statements give a true and fair view of the state of the company's affairs and its profit for the year. It also confirms that the financial statements have been properly prepared in accordance with applicable accounting standards."}

{"content": "What were the key audit matters identified during the audit?", "summary": "The key audit matters identified during the audit were the impairment of Upstream oil and gas property, plant, and equipment assets, accounting for acquisitions and disposals within the Upstream segment, impairment of exploration and appraisal assets, accounting for structured commodity transactions within the integrated supply and trading function, user access management controls relating to financial systems, and management override of controls."}

{"content": "What were the two key audit matters identified by the previous auditor that are not included in the current report?", "summary": "The two key audit matters identified by the previous auditor that are not included in the current report are the determination of liabilities and disclosures arising from the Gulf of Mexico oil spill, and the impact of US tax reform."}

{"content": "What is the significance of the impairment of Upstream oil and gas property, plant, and equipment assets?", "summary": "The impairment of Upstream oil and gas property, plant, and equipment assets is significant as it may impact the valuation of the company's assets and the determination of its financial performance and potential future cash flows."}

{"content": "What is the impact of the structured commodity transactions on revenue recognition?", "summary": "The impact of structured commodity transactions on revenue recognition may involve significant judgment and potential risks, particularly in relation to fraud risks. It is important to properly account for these transactions to ensure accurate and reliable revenue recognition."}

{"content": "What were the findings regarding user access management controls and management override of controls?", "summary": "The findings regarding user access management controls and management override of controls were identified as key audit matters, indicating that these areas require attention to ensure the effectiveness and integrity of the company's financial systems and avoid potential misstatements or fraud."}

1. Q: What was the one-off taxation charge related to the US Tax reform in 2017?
   A: The one-off taxation charge related to the US Tax reform in 2017 was not explicitly mentioned in the content provided.

2. Q: What is the percentage decrease in the quantitative impact of the US Tax reform in 2018 compared to 2017?
   A: The quantitative impact of the US Tax reform decreased significantly in 2018 compared to 2017. However, the specific percentage decrease was not mentioned in the content.

3. Q: How has the US Tax reform affected the financial statements of the company?
   A: The US Tax reform has had a notable effect on the company's financial statements. Although the content did not provide specific details, the reform's impact on the company's taxation, profitability, and overall financial performance should be considered.

4. Q: What was the key audit matter regarding unauthorized trading activity in the integrated supply and trading function?
   A: The key audit matter regarding unauthorized trading activity in the integrated supply and trading function was highlighted by the previous auditor. Unfortunately, the content did not provide further details about the specific matter.

5. Q: What is the percentage decrease in the valuation of level 3 financial instruments in relation to structured commodity transactions?
   A: The content did not mention the percentage decrease in the valuation of level 3 financial instruments related to structured commodity transactions. Therefore, specific information about the percentage decrease is not available.

6. Q: Can you explain the estimation process for oil and gas reserves and resources and its impact on Upstream oil and gas assets?
   A: The estimation process for oil and gas reserves and resources is a complex procedure that involves factors such as long-term oil and gas prices, discount rates, and reserves estimates. It plays a crucial role in assessing the impairment of Upstream oil and gas assets. However, the content did not provide in-depth details about the estimation process and its impact.

7. Q: What is the materiality threshold set for the current year based on profit before tax?
   A: The materiality threshold for the current year was set at $750 million based on profit before tax. The threshold ensures that significant financial figures and events are appropriately considered in the financial statements.

8. Q: What is the percentage increase in the underlying replacement cost profit before interest and tax compared to the previous year?
   A: The content does not explicitly mention the percentage increase in the underlying replacement cost profit before interest and tax compared to the previous year. Hence, specific information about the percentage increase is not provided.

9. Q: How have the directors assessed the group's ability to continue as a going concern and what actions have they planned for the future?
   A: The directors have thoroughly assessed the group's ability to continue as a going concern, taking into account various factors such as business model, risks, and the impact of Brexit. While the content did not detail their assessment and planned actions, it is essential to consider their evaluations and strategies for ensuring the company's sustainability.

10. Q: How many components were included in the scope of the audit and what percentage of group revenue do they cover?
    A: The audit scope included a total of 136 components. Out of these, 108 were subjected to full-scope audits, covering approximately 71% of the group revenue. The remaining 28 components were subject to specific procedures on certain account balances.1. Q: What is the total carrying value of CGUs deemed at risk of material impairment as a result of change in key assumptions?
   A: The total carrying value of CGUs deemed at risk of material impairment due to changes in key assumptions is $21.8 billion.

2. Q: What is the difference between BP's oil and gas price assumptions and third-party forecasts?
   A: BP's oil and gas price assumptions are compared against third-party forecasts, peer information, and relevant market data. If BP's forecasts fall within the range of these forecasts, then there is no significant difference.

3. Q: How did BP evaluate the long-term oil and gas prices in their impairment tests?
   A: BP evaluated the long-term oil and gas prices by comparing them to third-party forecasts, considering the impact of the energy transition due to climate change, and assessing the reasonableness of their own forecasts.

4. Q: What were the significant acquisition and disposal transactions within BP's Upstream segment?
   A: The significant acquisition and disposal transactions within BP's Upstream segment include the $10.3 billion acquisition of onshore US assets from BHP, the disposal of BP's interest in the Greater Kuparuk Area in Alaska and the simultaneous purchase of an incremental interest in the BP-operated Clair field in the UK North Sea, and the disposal of BP's interest in the Magnus field in the North Sea.

5. Q: How did BP determine the fair value estimates for the onshore US assets acquired from BHP?
   A: BP determined the fair value estimates for the onshore US assets acquired from BHP by conducting a thorough evaluation of key assumptions such as pricing, discount rates, and reserves risking estimates. They also sought input from valuations and reserves specialists and reviewed the enacted sale and purchase agreements.

6. Q: Can you explain the differences between fair value estimates and value in use in relation to oil and gas assets?
   A: Fair value estimates represent the prices at which oil and gas assets are actually changing hands in the market, while value in use is the future cash flows of an asset, discounted at a market rate of return. Fair value estimates are based on market transactions, while value in use takes into account additional factors such as forecasted cash flows.

7. Q: What were the main assessment criteria for BP's exploration and appraisal (E&A) assets impairment?
   A: The main assessment criteria for BP's E&A assets impairment include the expiration of licenses, the withdrawal of partners, and the need for next phase decisions. Specifically, certain licenses in the Gulf of Mexico and elsewhere, with a total carrying value of $2.3 billion, were identified as at risk of impairment due to license expiration or partner withdrawals.

8. Q: How many licenses in the Gulf of Mexico and elsewhere were deemed at risk of impairment?
   A: In the Gulf of Mexico, certain licenses with a total carrying value of $2.3 billion were deemed at risk of impairment due to expiration and partner withdrawals. Additionally, three licenses elsewhere, with a carrying value of $1.6 billion, were scheduled to expire or require next phase decisions in 2019.

9. Q: What controls did BP have in place to ensure prompt write-off of capitalized exploration and appraisal costs?
   A: BP had controls in place to ensure prompt write-off of capitalized exploration and appraisal costs. These controls involved assessing the criteria for write-offs based on information about E&A activities, decisions, and the impairment requirements of IFRS 6. The group also conducted detailed risk assessments and challenged management's significant impairment judgments.

10. Q: How much E&A expenditure was carried in BP's balance sheet at the end of 2018?
    A: At the end of 2018, BP carried $16.0 billion of exploration and appraisal (E&A) expenditure in its balance sheet. This represents the capitalized costs related to E&A projects, which are inherently risky and may require write-offs if certain criteria are met.1. Q: How many separate systems are scoped as relevant for the group audit in BP's financial systems environment?
   A: In BP's financial systems environment, there are a total of 107 separate systems scoped as relevant for the group audit. These systems play a critical role in ensuring effective control and maintaining a reliable financial reporting process.

2. Q: What is the total value of level 3 derivative financial instruments in BP's financial assets and liabilities as of December 31, 2018?
   A: As of December 31, 2018, the total value of level 3 derivative financial instruments in BP's financial assets and liabilities was $3.6 billion and $3.1 billion, respectively. These level 3 instruments, classified under IFRS 13, Fair Value Measurement, carry inherent subjectivity and require complex valuation models or unobservable market inputs.

3. Q: Can you explain the process and controls that BP has in place for evaluating and approving non-standard transactions?
   A: BP has established a robust process and controls for evaluating and approving non-standard transactions. This involves the review of non-standard transactions by assessing the appropriateness of the new activity and evaluating the accounting treatment in line with published IFRS accounting literature. Commercial rationales of these transactions are thoroughly examined through the review of executed transaction documents and discussions with management.

4. Q: What is the impact of structured commodity transactions on BP's primary financial statements and key performance measures?
   A: Structured commodity transactions (SCTs) have a significant impact on BP's primary financial statements and key performance measures. These complex transactions, which may involve multiple counterparties, commodities, or contractual arrangements, require management judgments and can affect the presentation and disclosure of transactions, including the recognition of finance debt.

5. Q: What is the total financial impact of long-dated structured commodity transactions on BP?
   A: Long-dated structured commodity transactions have a significant multi-year financial impact on BP. While specific figures were not provided, these transactions involve substantial values and can utilize complex valuation models or unobservable market inputs. Their fair value determination falls under level 3 financial instruments, which may introduce subjectivity and potential fraud risks.

6. Q: How does BP determine the fair value of level 3 financial instruments, and what controls are in place to ensure their accuracy?
   A: BP determines the fair value of level 3 financial instruments by utilizing bespoke valuation models and considering unobservable inputs. To ensure accuracy, BP has implemented controls, including model certification and independent price verification. Valuation specialists with quantitative and modeling expertise are part of the audit team, providing a rigorous assessment and validating management's fair value estimates.

7. Q: How many access deficiencies were identified in BP's user access management controls?
   A: During the audit, a number of access deficiencies were identified in BP's user access management controls. The specific number was not mentioned, but these deficiencies indicate the increased risk of individuals having inappropriate access to the financial systems. The identified deficiencies existed both within the group and BP's IT service organizations.

8. Q: What is the risk associated with the existence of access deficiencies in BP's financial systems?
   A: The existence of access deficiencies in BP's financial systems poses a significant risk. These deficiencies increase the likelihood of individuals having unauthorized access, potentially compromising the integrity and reliability of data and reports generated from the affected systems. It highlights the importance of maintaining effective controls over user access to mitigate such risks.

9. Q: Can you discuss the impact of the transition of BP's main IT service organization on the reliability of data and reports from the affected systems?
   A: The transition of BP's main IT service organization during the year adds uncertainty and increases the risk that data and reports from the affected systems may lack reliability. The change in service providers, combined with the previously identified access deficiencies, raises concerns about the accurate and consistent flow of information, emphasizing the importance of ensuring data reliability during such organizational transitions.

10. Q: How many accounting judgments are provided in Note 1 to BP's accounts?
    A: Note 1 to BP's accounts contains several accounting judgments, although the exact number was not specified. These judgments are made in relation to the group's E&A (Exploration and Appraisal) impairment assessment processes and are supported by relevant evidence and controls. The audit confirmed that the key assumptions and judgments made by management were appropriate, resulting in no additional impairments being identified during the audit process.{"content": "What were the access deficiencies identified in the group's IT service organizations?", "summary": "The access deficiencies identified increase the risk that individuals within the group and at service organizations had inappropriate access during the period."}

{"content": "Did the transition of the main IT service organization from one supplier to another increase the risk of unreliable data and reports?", "summary": "Yes, the transition of the main IT service organization from one supplier to another during the year resulted in an increased risk that data and reports from the affected systems are not reliable."}

{"content": "What program of activities did the group put in place to remediate the access deficiencies?", "summary": "The group put in place a program of activities to remediate the access deficiencies."}

{"content": "How long does the program of activities to remediate the deficiencies extend into?", "summary": "The program of activities to remediate the deficiencies extends into 2019."}

{"content": "Did management establish controls to analyze whether inappropriate access had been exploited during the year?", "summary": "Yes, management established controls to analyze whether inappropriate access had been exploited during the year, working with both the legacy and new IT service organizations."}

{"content": "What were the key observations regarding the analysis of whether access deficiencies were exploited during the year?", "summary": "The analysis conducted by management did not identify instances where such access had been used inappropriately, indicating that the remediation efforts were effective."}

{"content": "How did management respond to the identified deficiencies in user access?", "summary": "Management utilized their teams of IT and internal control specialists to test and remediate the deficiencies in user access."}

{"content": "What control deficiencies were identified during testing?", "summary": "During testing, a number of deficiencies, notably in relation to user access, were identified."}

{"content": "What were the compensating controls identified by management to mitigate the risks of control deficiencies?", "summary": "Management identified and implemented compensating controls such as low-level analytical reviews, controls over closing balances, and period-end analytical review controls."}

{"content": "Were there any instances of inappropriate use of access identified during testing?", "summary": "No, there were no instances of inappropriate use of access identified during testing."}{"content": "What was the benchmark used to determine materiality for the audit of the standalone parent company?", 
"summary": "The previous auditor used 5% of underlying replacement cost profit before interest and taxation to determine materiality for the audit of the standalone parent company."}

{"content": "How was the materiality determined for the standalone parent company financial statements?", 
"summary": "The materiality for the standalone parent company financial statements was determined using 1% of net assets."}

{"content": "What benchmark is typically considered when auditing listed entities?", 
"summary": "Profit before tax is the benchmark typically considered when auditing listed entities."}

{"content": "What is the group materiality for the audit?", 
"summary": "The group materiality for the audit is $750 million."}

{"content": "What is the performance materiality and how is it determined?", 
"summary": "The performance materiality, which determines the extent of the audit sampling, has been set at $375 million, which is 50% of group materiality. It is determined based on the improvement in the business results and the lower level of knowledge as a first-year auditor."}

{"content": "How many reporting consolidation units were included in the full-scope audits?", 
"summary": "A total of 108 reporting consolidation units were included in the full-scope audits."}

{"content": "What additional risk assessment was conducted to reduce the audit risk of misstatements?", 
"summary": "To reduce the audit risk of misstatements, an additional risk assessment was conducted, including the use of analytic tools, trend analysis, and comparison of business performance to market benchmark prices."}

{"content": "What percentage of group revenue do the remaining components represent on average?", 
"summary": "The remaining components, which include many small, low-risk components and balances, represent on average 0.06% of group revenue."}

{"content": "How did the group audit team provide oversight to the local audit teams?", 
"summary": "The group audit team provided direct oversight, review, and coordination to the local audit teams. They interacted regularly, held formal meetings, visited local teams, and reviewed key audit working papers to ensure a consistent and high-quality audit."}

{"content": "What other procedures were performed for the small, low-risk components and balances?", 
"summary": "For the small, low-risk components and balances, other procedures were performed, including conducting analytical review procedures, making inquiries, and evaluating and testing management's group-wide controls."}{"content": "What is the responsibility of the directors in preparing financial statements?", "summary": "The directors are responsible for the preparation of the financial statements and for being satisfied that they give a true and fair view, and for such internal control as the directors determine is necessary to enable the preparation of financial statements that are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error."}

{"content": "How does the auditor assess the risks of material misstatement in the financial statements?", "summary": "The auditor identifies and assesses the risks of material misstatement by designing and performing audit procedures responsive to those risks. This includes obtaining sufficient and appropriate audit evidence to provide a basis for the auditor's opinion. The auditor also performs analytical procedures, reviews supporting documentation, enquires of management, internal audit, and the audit committee, and considers the legal and regulatory frameworks that the company operates in."}

{"content": "Can you explain the concept of going concern basis of accounting?", "summary": "The going concern basis of accounting is a principle that assumes the company will continue its operations for the foreseeable future. The directors are responsible for assessing the company's ability to continue as a going concern and disclosing any relevant matters. Unless the directors intend to liquidate the company or cease operations, or have no alternative but to do so, the financial statements are prepared using the going concern basis of accounting."}

{"content": "What is the purpose of obtaining reasonable assurance in an audit?", "summary": "The purpose of obtaining reasonable assurance in an audit is to provide a high level of assurance that the financial statements as a whole are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error. This assurance helps users of the financial statements, such as investors, lenders, and other stakeholders, make informed economic decisions based on the reliability of the financial information."}

{"content": "How does the auditor identify and assess potential risks related to irregularities and fraud?", "summary": "The auditor identifies and assesses potential risks related to irregularities and fraud by conducting various procedures, such as meeting with the group head of ethics and compliance, enquiring of management, internal audit, and the audit committee, reviewing internal ethics and compliance reporting summaries, and obtaining an understanding of the legal and regulatory frameworks that the company operates in. The auditor also discusses and analyzes indicators of fraud and performs analytical procedures to identify any unusual relationships."}

{"content": "Can you provide examples of laws and regulations that affect the financial statements of a company?", "summary": "Some examples of laws and regulations that affect the financial statements of a company include the UK Companies Act, UK Corporate Governance Code, IFRS (International Financial Reporting Standards) as issued by the IASB (International Accounting Standards Board) and adopted by the EU, FRS (Financial Reporting Standards) 101, US Securities Exchange Act 1934, SEC (Securities and Exchange Commission) regulations, and environmental regulations. Compliance with these laws and regulations is considered in the audit process."}

{"content": "What are key audit matters related to fraud risks identified by the auditor?", "summary": "The auditor identified two key audit matters related to fraud risks. These matters include assessing the risk of fraud through management override of controls, testing the appropriateness of journal entries and other adjustments, evaluating the business rationale of significant transactions, and considering indications of fraud or non-compliance with laws and regulations throughout the audit. The auditor communicates relevant identified laws and regulations and potential fraud risks to all engagement team members and remains vigilant in detecting fraud indicators."}

{"content": "How does the auditor respond to risks identified during the audit?", "summary": "The auditor responds to risks identified during the audit by performing specific procedures. These procedures include reviewing financial statement disclosures and supporting documentation to assess compliance with relevant laws and regulations, enquiring of management, the audit committee, and legal counsel regarding litigation and claims, performing analytical procedures to identify unusual relationships, and evaluating the appropriateness of journal entries and accounting estimates. The auditor also communicates identified risks to all engagement team members and remains alert to indications of fraud or non-compliance throughout the audit."}

{"content": "What are the opinions of the auditor on other matters prescribed by the Companies Act 2006?", "summary": "In the auditor's opinion, the directors' remuneration report has been properly prepared in accordance with the Companies Act 2006. The auditor also opines that the information given in the strategic report and the directors' report for the financial year is consistent with the financial statements and has been prepared in accordance with applicable legal requirements. Based on their knowledge and understanding obtained during the audit, the auditor did not identify any material misstatements in the strategic report or the directors' report."}

{"content": "What exceptions would prompt the auditor to report on the adequacy of explanations received and accounting records?", "summary": "Under the Companies Act 2006, the auditor would report on the adequacy of explanations received and accounting records if they have not received all the required information and explanations for the audit, if adequate accounting records have not been kept, or if the parent company financial statements are not in agreement with the accounting records and returns. In this case, the auditor has no reportable exceptions in these matters."}{
"content": "What is the tenure of the auditor appointed for BP p.l.c. in 2018?",
"summary": "The auditor appointed for BP p.l.c. in 2018 had a tenure of one year, starting from 29 March 2018."
}

{
"content": "What percentage of net assets do Petrohawk Energy Corporation's financial statements constitute in the consolidated financial statements for the year 2018?",
"summary": "Petrohawk Energy Corporation's financial statements constituted 10.3% of net assets and 4.0% of total assets in the consolidated financial statements for the year 2018."
}

{
"content": "Can you provide an overview of the audit opinion for BP p.l.c.'s financial statements in 2018?",
"summary": "The audit opinion for BP p.l.c.'s financial statements in 2018 was an unqualified opinion, indicating that the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position, results of operations, and cash flows of the company."
}

{
"content": "What is the date when Deloitte LLP was appointed as the company's auditor?",
"summary": "Deloitte LLP was appointed as the company's auditor on 29 March 2018."
}

{
"content": "What is the percentage of profit attributable to Petrohawk Energy Corporation in the consolidated financial statements for the year ended December 31, 2018?",
"summary": "The percentage of profit attributable to Petrohawk Energy Corporation in the consolidated financial statements for the year ended December 31, 2018, is not provided in the given information."
}

{
"content": "What is the purpose of conducting an audit for a company's financial statements?",
"summary": "The purpose of conducting an audit for a company's financial statements is to provide an independent and objective assessment of the financial information, ensuring its accuracy, reliability, and compliance with applicable accounting standards and regulations."
}

{
"content": "Who is responsible for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting in a company?",
"summary": "The company's management is responsible for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting."
}

{
"content": "What is the percentage of growth in revenues for BP p.l.c. from 2017 to 2018?",
"summary": "The percentage of growth in revenues for BP p.l.c. from 2017 to 2018 is not provided in the given information."
}

{
"content": "How does a company's internal control over financial reporting ensure the reliability of its financial statements?",
"summary": "A company's internal control over financial reporting ensures the reliability of its financial statements by implementing policies and procedures that accurately record transactions, provide reasonable assurance of compliance with accounting principles, and prevent or detect unauthorized use or disposition of assets that could impact the financial statements."
}

{
"content": "What is the proportion of total revenues and other income contributed by Petrohawk Energy Corporation in the consolidated financial statements for the year 2018?",
"summary": "The proportion of total revenues and other income contributed by Petrohawk Energy Corporation in the consolidated financial statements for the year 2018 is not provided in the given information."
}{"content": "What were the total sales and other operating revenues in 2018?", "summary": "The total sales and other operating revenues in 2018 were $298,756 million."}

{"content": "What was the percentage change in production and manufacturing expenses from 2016 to 2018?", "summary": "The percentage change in production and manufacturing expenses from 2016 to 2018 was a decrease of 21.4%."}

{"content": "Can you provide an overview of the financial performance of BP p.l.c. in 2017?", "summary": "In 2017, BP p.l.c. reported sales and other operating revenues of $240,208 million. The profit (loss) for the year was $3,468 million. The total comprehensive income was $8,484 million. The earnings per share were 17.20 cents (basic) and 17.10 cents (diluted)."}

{"content": "How much profit (loss) did BP p.l.c. report for the year 2018?", "summary": "BP p.l.c. reported a profit of $9,578 million for the year 2018."}

{"content": "What was the net finance expense relating to pensions and other post-retirement benefits in 2018?", "summary": "The net finance expense relating to pensions and other post-retirement benefits in 2018 was $127 million."}

{"content": "How did the currency translation differences impact BP p.l.c.'s financial statements in 2018?", "summary": "The currency translation differences had a negative impact on BP p.l.c.'s financial statements in 2018, resulting in a decrease of $3,771 million."}

{"content": "What were the exploration expenses in 2016?", "summary": "The exploration expenses in 2016 were $1,445 million."}

{"content": "What was the growth rate of earnings from joint ventures from 2016 to 2018?", "summary": "The growth rate of earnings from joint ventures from 2016 to 2018 was a decrease of 23.7%."}

{"content": "Can you discuss the impact of the Gulf of Mexico oil spill on BP p.l.c.'s income statement line items?", "summary": "The Gulf of Mexico oil spill had a significant impact on BP p.l.c.'s income statement line items, as detailed in Note 2. It resulted in impairments and losses on sale of businesses and fixed assets, increased production and manufacturing expenses, and higher taxation expenses."}

{"content": "How much were the distribution and administration expenses in 2017?", "summary": "The distribution and administration expenses in 2017 were $10,508 million."}1. Q: What is the accounting policy used for business combinations and goodwill?
   A: The accounting policy used for business combinations and goodwill is the acquisition method. Under this method, identifiable assets acquired and liabilities assumed are recognized at their fair values at the acquisition date. Goodwill is initially measured as the excess of the consideration transferred, including non-controlling interests, over the fair value of the identifiable assets acquired and liabilities assumed. Goodwill is subsequently measured at cost less any accumulated impairment losses.

2. Q: What is the percentage of voting shares owned by BP in Rosneft?
   A: BP owns 19.75% of the voting shares of Rosneft. The Russian federal government, through its investment company JSC Rosneftegaz, owned 50% plus one share of the voting shares of Rosneft at 31 December 2018.

3. Q: Can you provide an example of a significant judgment made by BP in assessing control or influence over another entity?
   A: A significant judgment made by BP in assessing control or influence over another entity is the level of significant influence over Rosneft, a Russian oil and gas company, in which BP holds an interest. BP considers that it has significant influence over Rosneft based on factors such as representation on the board of directors, participation in policy-making processes, and ownership of 19.75% of the voting shares.

4. Q: How are the results, assets, and liabilities of joint ventures incorporated in BP's consolidated financial statements?
   A: The results, assets, and liabilities of joint ventures are incorporated in BP's consolidated financial statements using the equity method of accounting. Under this method, BP recognizes its share of the assets, liabilities, expenses, and income from the sale of its share of the output of joint ventures. BP also includes any liabilities and expenses incurred in relation to the joint operation.

5. Q: What is the measure of profit or loss disclosed for each operating segment in BP?
   A: The measure of profit or loss disclosed for each operating segment in BP is replacement cost profit before interest and tax. This measure reflects the replacement cost of inventories sold in the period and excludes inventory holding gains and losses from profit. It is the measure regularly provided to the chief operating decision maker for resource allocation and performance assessment.

6. Q: How does BP assess investments in equity-accounted entities for impairment?
   A: BP assesses investments in equity-accounted entities for impairment whenever there is objective evidence of impairment. If objective evidence exists, the carrying amount of the investment is compared with its recoverable amount, which is the higher of its fair value less costs of disposal and value in use. If the carrying amount exceeds the recoverable amount, the investment is written down to its recoverable amount.

7. Q: How are transactions in foreign currencies recorded in the functional currency of subsidiaries, joint ventures, and associates?
   A: Transactions in foreign currencies are initially recorded in the functional currency of subsidiaries, joint ventures, and associates at the spot exchange rate on the date of the transaction. Monetary assets and liabilities denominated in foreign currencies are retranslated into the functional currency at the spot exchange rate on the balance sheet date. Any resulting exchange differences are included in the income statement, unless hedge accounting is applied.

8. Q: What is the average spot exchange rate used to translate the results and cash flows of non-US dollar functional currency subsidiaries, joint ventures, and associates into US dollars?
   A: The average spot exchange rate is used to translate the results and cash flows of non-US dollar functional currency subsidiaries, joint ventures, and associates into US dollars. This ensures that the financial statements reflect the effects of exchange rate fluctuations. The specific average spot exchange rate used may vary depending on the reporting period.

9. Q: Can you explain the process of segmental reporting in BP?
   A: Segmental reporting in BP involves establishing operating segments based on components of the group evaluated regularly by the chief executive in resource allocation and performance assessment. The accounting policies used for segmental reporting are the same as those used in the consolidated financial statements. The measure of profit or loss disclosed for each operating segment is the replacement cost profit before interest and tax, which excludes inventory holding gains and losses from profit.

10. Q: How are unrealized gains on transactions between BP and its equity-accounted entities eliminated?
    A: Unrealized gains on transactions between BP and its equity-accounted entities are eliminated to the extent of BP's interest in the equity-accounted entity. This ensures that the financial statements reflect the true economic impact of these transactions. The eliminated gains are not recognized in the consolidated financial statements.1. Q: What is the treatment of exchange gains and losses in the financial statements?
   A: Exchange gains and losses in the financial statements are recognized in a separate component of equity and reported in other comprehensive income. This applies to dollar functional currency subsidiaries, joint ventures, and associates. Additionally, exchange gains and losses on long-term intra-group foreign currency borrowings used to finance non-US dollar investments are also reported in other comprehensive income if they form part of the net investment in the subsidiary, joint venture, or associate. On disposal or partial disposals of a non-US dollar functional currency subsidiary, joint venture, or associate, the accumulated exchange gains and losses recognized in equity are reclassified from equity to the income statement.

2. Q: What is the average useful life of patents, licenses, and trademarks?
   A: The average useful life of patents, licenses, and trademarks can range from three to fifteen years. The expected useful life is determined by the shorter duration of the legal agreement and economic useful life. It is important to note that the useful life and amortization method of intangible assets are reviewed annually, and any necessary changes are accounted for prospectively.

3. Q: Can you explain the process of classifying non-current assets as held for sale?
   A: Non-current assets and disposal groups are classified as held for sale when their carrying amounts will be recovered through a sale transaction instead of continuing use. This classification occurs when the sale is highly probable and the asset or disposal group is available for immediate sale in its present condition, subject only to usual and customary terms for such sales. Management must be committed to the sale, which should be expected to be recognized as a completed sale within one year from the date of classification. Any actions or plans related to the sale should indicate that significant changes are unlikely to occur or that the plan will not be withdrawn. Once classified as held for sale, non-current assets held for sale are measured at the lower of carrying amount and fair value less costs to sell. Notably, property, plant, and equipment and intangible assets do not undergo depreciation or amortization once classified as held for sale.

4. Q: How are intangible assets, other than goodwill, initially recognized and measured?
   A: Intangible assets, other than goodwill, are initially recognized and measured at cost. This includes expenditure on the exploration for and evaluation of oil and natural gas resources, computer software, patents, licenses, and trademarks. Any intangible asset acquired as part of a business combination is measured at fair value at the date of the business combination and recognized separately from goodwill if it is separable or arises from contractual or other legal rights. Subsequently, intangible assets with a finite life, excluding capitalized exploration and appraisal costs, are amortized on a straight-line basis over their expected useful lives.

5. Q: What is the typical useful life of computer software costs?
   A: Computer software costs generally have a useful life ranging from three to five years. This determines the period over which the costs are amortized on a straight-line basis. The expected useful lives of assets, including computer software costs, are reviewed annually, and changes in useful lives or amortization methods are accounted for prospectively.

6. Q: Can you describe the accounting treatment for oil and natural gas exploration expenditure?
   A: Oil and natural gas exploration expenditure is accounted for using the principles of the successful efforts method of accounting. Geological and geophysical exploration costs are recognized as an expense when incurred. Costs directly associated with an exploration well, such as employee remuneration, materials and fuel used, rig costs, and payments to contractors, are initially capitalized as an intangible asset. If potentially commercial quantities of hydrocarbons are not found, the exploration well costs are written off. However, if hydrocarbons are found and likely to be commercially developed, the costs continue to be carried as an asset.

7. Q: How are exploration and appraisal costs for potential oil and gas reserves accounted for?
   A: Exploration and appraisal costs for potential oil and gas reserves are initially capitalized as intangible assets. These costs include those associated with exploration wells and appraisal activities to determine the size, characteristics, and commercial potential of a reservoir. If hydrocarbons are not found or development is not expected to occur, the costs are expensed. However, when proved reserves of oil and natural gas are determined and development is approved, the relevant expenditure is transferred to property, plant, and equipment.

8. Q: What is the timeframe for determining if potentially economic oil and gas reserves have been discovered?
   A: The determination of whether potentially economic oil and gas reserves have been discovered by an exploration well is typically made within one year of well completion. However, in certain cases where the geological structure is more complex, this process can take longer. Exploration wells that discover potentially economic quantities of oil and natural gas in areas where major capital expenditure is required for production to begin remain capitalized on the balance sheet as long as further exploration or appraisal work is underway or planned.

9. Q: How does judgment play a role in determining whether to continue carrying costs associated with exploration wells?
   A: Judgment plays a significant role in determining whether to continue carrying costs associated with exploration wells on the balance sheet. This includes costs related to exploration licenses or leasehold property acquisitions. The carried costs are subject to regular technical, commercial, and management review, typically on an annual basis. The review confirms the intent to develop the discovery or extract value from it. Factors such as ongoing appraisal drilling, seismic work, and the establishment of development plans and timing are considered in maintaining the costs on the balance sheet. However, if there is a change in the intent to develop or extract value, the costs are immediately expensed.

10. Q: How is property, plant, and equipment stated in the financial statements?
    A: Property, plant, and equipment are stated at cost, less accumulated depreciation and accumulated impairment losses. The initial cost of these assets includes the purchase price or construction cost, costs directly attributable to bringing the assets into the necessary location and condition for their intended use, the initial estimate of any decommissioning obligation, and directly attributable general or specific finance costs for assets that require a substantial period of time to get ready for use. Major maintenance refits, repairs, and replacements are also included in the expenditure on property, plant, and equipment.{"content": "How are expenditures on major maintenance refits or repairs accounted for?", 
"summary": "Expenditure on major maintenance refits or repairs comprises the cost of replacement assets or parts of assets, inspection costs and overhaul costs. Where an asset or part of an asset that was separately depreciated is replaced and it is probable that future economic benefits associated with the item will flow to the group, the expenditure is capitalized and the carrying amount of the replaced asset is derecognized. Inspection costs associated with major maintenance programmes are capitalized and amortized over the period to the next inspection. Overhaul costs for major maintenance programmes, and all other maintenance costs are expensed as incurred."}

{"content": "What is the typical useful life of service stations in the group's property, plant, and equipment?", 
"summary": "The typical useful life of service stations in the group's property, plant, and equipment is 15 years."}

{"content": "Can you explain the group's process to manage reserves bookings for oil and natural gas assets?", 
"summary": "The group manages reserves bookings for oil and natural gas assets by estimating reserves using US Securities and Exchange Commission regulations. These estimates are based on 12-month historical data. The group also considers changes in estimated proved reserves and manages production compliance and governance processes."}

{"content": "How is impairment of property, plant, and equipment assessed by the group?", 
"summary": "The group assesses impairment of property, plant, and equipment whenever there are indications that the carrying amount of an asset or cash-generating unit (CGU) may not be recoverable. The recoverable amount of a CGU is compared to its carrying amount, and if the carrying amount exceeds the recoverable amount, the CGU is considered impaired and written down. Impairment assessments are based on factors such as changes in business plans, commodity prices, plant utilization, and estimated future development expenditure."}

{"content": "What are the estimated future cash flows adjusted for when assessing value in use for asset groups?", 
"summary": "When assessing value in use for asset groups, the estimated future cash flows are adjusted for risks specific to the group, which are not reflected in the discount rate. These cash flows are discounted to their present value using a pre-tax discount rate that reflects market assessments of the time value of money."}

{"content": "How does the group determine the carrying amount of a cash-generating unit in relation to goodwill?", 
"summary": "The carrying amount of a cash-generating unit (CGU) in relation to goodwill is determined by comparing the CGU's recoverable amount with its carrying amount. If the recoverable amount is lower than the carrying amount, including goodwill, an impairment loss is recognized. However, impairment reversals for goodwill are not recognized in subsequent periods."}

{"content": "How is fair value less costs of disposal determined when assessing impairment of assets?", 
"summary": "Fair value less costs of disposal is determined as the price that would be received to sell an asset in an orderly transaction between market participants. It does not reflect the effects of factors that may be specific to the group. This determination is based on expected sales proceeds, recent market transaction data, or discounted cash flow techniques."}

{"content": "What factors are considered when setting assumptions for market conditions in the group's business segment plans?", 
"summary": "When setting assumptions for market conditions in the group's business segment plans, factors such as oil prices, natural gas prices, refining margins, refined product margins, and cost inflation rates are considered. These assumptions take into account existing prices, global supply-demand equilibrium, macroeconomic factors, and historical trends and variability."}

{"content": "Can you explain the process for reversing previously recognized impairment losses for assets?", 
"summary": "The group assesses at each reporting date whether there is any indication that previously recognized impairment losses may have decreased or no longer exist. If there is such an indication, the recoverable amount is estimated. A previously recognized impairment loss is reversed only if there has been a change in the estimates used to determine the asset's recoverable amount since the last impairment loss was recognized. Impairment reversals are recognized in profit or loss, and the depreciation charge is adjusted in future periods to allocate the asset's revised carrying amount over its remaining useful life."}

{"content": "How often is goodwill reviewed for impairment by the group?", 
"summary": "Goodwill is reviewed for impairment annually or more frequently if events or changes in circumstances indicate that the recoverable amount of the cash-generating unit (CGU) to which the goodwill relates should be assessed. If the recoverable amount of the CGU is less than its carrying amount, including goodwill, an impairment loss is recognized. Impairment losses for goodwill are not reversed in subsequent periods."}{"content": "What are the details of impairment charges and reversals in the income statement?", "summary": "Details of impairment charges and reversals recognized in the income statement are provided in Note 4."}

{"content": "Where can I find information on the carrying amounts of assets?", "summary": "Information on the carrying amounts of assets can be found in Note 12, Note 14, and Note 15."}

{"content": "How often are discount rates reassessed in impairment tests?", "summary": "Discount rates applied in impairment tests are reassessed each year."}

{"content": "How are future cash flows adjusted for risks specific to the cash-generating unit?", "summary": "Future cash flows are adjusted for risks specific to the cash-generating unit in discounted cash flow calculations."}

{"content": "What are the long-term price assumptions used for determining recoverable amount based on value-in-use impairment tests?", "summary": "The long-term price assumptions used for determining recoverable amount in value-in-use impairment tests are derived from $75 per barrel for Brent and $4/mmBtu for Henry Hub."}

{"content": "What is the impact of changes in economic environment on the carrying values of the group's assets?", "summary": "Changes in the economic environment may necessitate revisions to assumptions and could result in a material change to the carrying values of the group's assets."}

{"content": "What factors are considered in estimating expected future cash flows for oil and natural gas properties?", "summary": "Expected future cash flows for oil and natural gas properties are estimated based on management's best estimates of future oil and natural gas prices, production volumes, reserves volumes, and other factors."}

{"content": "How are oil and gas reserves estimates determined?", "summary": "Oil and gas reserves estimates are determined based on significant technical and commercial assessments considering geological and engineering data, reservoir performance data, acquisition and divestment activity, drilling of new wells, and industry practice and regulatory requirements."}

{"content": "What is the sensitivity of the recoverable amount of oil and gas properties to changes in long-term oil and gas price assumptions?", "summary": "The recoverable amount of oil and gas properties is primarily sensitive to changes in long-term oil and gas price assumptions."}

{"content": "Are there any specific oil and gas properties with low headroom above their carrying amount?", "summary": "In 2018, the group identified oil and gas properties with carrying amounts where the headroom was less than or equal to 20% of the carrying value."}{"content": "How are financial assets classified based on their cash flow characteristics?", 
"summary": "Financial assets are classified based on their cash flow characteristics and business model. They can be categorized as measured at amortized cost, fair value through other comprehensive income, and fair value through profit or loss. The classification depends on whether the objective of the business model is to collect contractual cash flows, sell the financial assets, or if it doesn't meet the criteria for amortized cost or fair value through other comprehensive income."}

{"content": "What is the percentage of financial assets classified as measured at fair value through other comprehensive income?", 
"summary": "There are no financial assets classified as measured at fair value through other comprehensive income. The classification of financial assets includes those measured at amortized cost and fair value through profit or loss."}

{"content": "Can you explain the treatment of gains and losses for derivatives designated as hedging instruments in an effective hedge?", 
"summary": "Derivatives designated as hedging instruments in an effective hedge are carried on the balance sheet at fair value. Any gains or losses arising from revaluation are recognized in the income statement. These derivatives are used to manage exposures to fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates, interest rates, and commodity prices. If the valuation at the inception of a contract cannot be supported by observable market data, any gain or loss determined by the valuation methodology is deferred on the balance sheet and recognized in the income statement over the life of the contract."}

{"content": "How are cash equivalents classified in terms of financial assets?", 
"summary": "Cash equivalents are classified as financial assets measured at amortized cost or fair value through profit or loss. They are short-term highly liquid investments with a maturity of three months or less from the date of acquisition. Cash equivalents are readily convertible to known amounts of cash and are subject to insignificant risk of changes in value."}

{"content": "What is the estimated expected credit loss calculation for financial assets measured at amortized cost?", 
"summary": "The group assesses the expected credit losses associated with financial assets measured at amortized cost on a forward-looking basis. Expected credit losses are measured based on the maximum contractual period over which the group is exposed to credit risk. The measurement considers the probability of default, loss given default, and exposure at default. The expected credit loss is estimated as the difference between the asset's carrying amount and the present value of the future cash flows discounted at the financial asset's original effective interest rate. The impairment gain or loss is recognized in the income statement."}

{"content": "How does the group assess the credit impairment of financial assets?", 
"summary": "The group assesses the credit impairment of financial assets measured at amortized cost on a forward-looking basis. They consider expected credit losses based on the maximum contractual period over which the group is exposed to credit risk. The assessment takes into account the probability of default, loss given default, and exposure at default. If there is reasonable and supportable evidence that events have occurred, which have a detrimental impact on the estimated future cash flows of the financial asset, it is considered credit-impaired. Financial assets are written off when there is no reasonable expectation of recovering amounts due."}

{"content": "How are financial liabilities initially recognized?", 
"summary": "Financial liabilities are initially recognized at fair value, net of directly attributable transaction costs. For interest-bearing loans and borrowings, the initial recognition is typically equivalent to the fair value of the proceeds received, net of issue costs associated with the borrowing. This applies to all other financial liabilities as well."}

{"content": "What types of financial liabilities are classified as measured at fair value through profit or loss?", 
"summary": "Financial liabilities that meet the definition of held for trading are classified as measured at fair value through profit or loss. This category includes derivatives, except those designated as effective hedging instruments."}

{"content": "Can you explain the purpose and classification of fair value hedges in hedge accounting?", 
"summary": "Fair value hedges in hedge accounting are used to hedge exposure to changes in the fair value of a recognized asset or liability. They are classified as cash flow hedges when hedging exposure to variability in cash flows attributable to a particular risk associated with a recognized asset or liability or a highly probable forecast transaction. The purpose of fair value hedges is to mitigate the impact of fair value fluctuations on the financial position and performance of the group. The gains or losses from these hedges are recognized in the income statement."}

{"content": "How does the group use derivative financial instruments for risk management and trading purposes?", 
"summary": "The group uses derivative financial instruments to manage exposures to fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates, interest rates, and commodity prices. These derivatives are recognized initially at fair value and subsequently remeasured at fair value. They are carried as assets when the fair value is positive and as liabilities when the fair value is negative. Derivatives that are not designated as effective hedging instruments are used for trading purposes, and any gains or losses arising from changes in their fair value are recognized in the income statement."}{"content": "How is fair value hedge accounting discontinued?", "summary": "Fair value hedge accounting is discontinued when the hedging relationship no longer meets the qualifying criteria, such as a change in risk management objectives or the sale, termination, or exercise of the hedging instrument. The accumulated adjustment to the carrying amount of the hedged item is then amortized to profit or loss as finance interest expense over the remaining period to maturity."}

{"content": "What is the effect on profit or loss when cash flow hedge accounting is discontinued?", "summary": "When cash flow hedge accounting is discontinued, the effective portion of the gain or loss on the hedging instrument that was reported in other comprehensive income is reclassified to profit or loss. The ineffective portion is already recognized in profit or loss. The reclassification occurs when the hedged transaction impacts profit or loss."}

{"content": "How are the costs of hedging accounted for in financial statements?", "summary": "The costs of hedging, such as the time value of options and foreign currency basis spread of cross-currency interest rate swaps, are excluded from hedge designations and accounted for as costs of hedging. The changes in the fair value of these components are recognized in other comprehensive income. For transaction-related hedged items, the amount in other comprehensive income is reclassified to profit or loss when the hedged transaction affects profit or loss."}

{"content": "How is fair value measured in the financial statements?", "summary": "Fair value is the price at which an asset would be sold or a liability would be transferred in an orderly transaction between market participants. Assets and liabilities measured at fair value are categorized into three levels based on the availability of observable inputs. Level 1 inputs are quoted prices in active markets, Level 2 inputs are observable but not quoted prices, and Level 3 inputs are unobservable and reflect significant modifications to observable data or assumptions by market participants."}

{"content": "What are the three levels in which assets and liabilities measured at fair value are categorized?", "summary": "Assets and liabilities measured at fair value are categorized into three levels. Level 1 includes assets and liabilities with quoted prices in active markets. Level 2 includes assets and liabilities with observable inputs other than quoted prices. Level 3 includes assets and liabilities with unobservable inputs, reflecting significant modifications to observable data or assumptions."}

{"content": "Can you explain the significance of judgment and estimation in valuing derivative financial instruments?", "summary": "Judgment and estimation play a significant role in valuing derivative financial instruments. For derivatives without quoted prices, internal models are used to estimate fair values. Multiple inputs, such as price curves and historical pricing relationships, are considered while assessing valuation. Changes in these inputs can impact the carrying amounts of derivative assets and liabilities, although offsetting movements mitigate the impact on net assets and the income statement."}

{"content": "How are financial assets and liabilities presented in the balance sheet?", "summary": "Financial assets and liabilities are presented separately in the balance sheet unless two conditions are met: the group has a legally enforceable right to set off the recognized amounts, and the group intends to settle on a net basis or simultaneously realize the asset and settle the liability. Legal jurisdiction and applicable laws are considered when determining the existence of a legally enforceable right to set off."}

{"content": "How are provisions and contingencies recognized in the financial statements?", "summary": "Provisions are recognized in the financial statements when the group has a present legal or constructive obligation as a result of a past event, it is probable that there will be an outflow of resources to settle the obligation, and a reliable estimate can be made. Contingent liabilities, on the other hand, are only disclosed in the financial statements if there is a possible obligation that will be confirmed by future events not wholly within the control of the group."}

{"content": "Can you explain the process of recognizing liabilities for decommissioning costs?", "summary": "Liabilities for decommissioning costs are recognized when the group has an obligation to plug and abandon a well, dismantle and remove a facility or plant, and restore the site. The recognition occurs when a reliable estimate of the liability can be made. The amount recognized is the present value of the estimated future expenditure based on local conditions, expected timing, and discounted using a pre-tax risk-free rate. The estimate usually considers factors such as existing technology and expected prices."}

{"content": "How is the present value of estimated future expenditure determined for decommissioning wells, production facilities, and pipelines?", "summary": "The present value of estimated future expenditure for decommissioning wells, production facilities, and pipelines is determined by considering factors such as existing technology, expected prices, and the anticipated timing of the decommissioning activity. Local conditions and requirements are also taken into account. The provision for decommissioning costs is discounted using a nominal discount rate, and an equivalent amount is recognized as part of the corresponding intangible asset or property, plant, and equipment."}{"content": "How are environmental expenditures capitalized in the group's assets?", "summary": "Environmental expenditures that are required in order for the group to obtain future economic benefits from its assets are capitalized as part of those assets. Expenditures that relate to an existing condition caused by past operations that do not contribute to future earnings are expensed."}

{"content": "What is the estimated period over which the costs of environmental liabilities are generally expected to be incurred?", "summary": "The weighted-average period over which these costs are generally expected to be incurred is estimated to be approximately six years."}

{"content": "Can you explain the group's provisions for the decommissioning of oil and natural gas production facilities?", "summary": "The group holds provisions for the future decommissioning of oil and natural gas production facilities and pipelines at the end of their economic lives. The largest decommissioning obligations facing the group relate to the plugging and abandonment of wells and the removal and disposal of oil and natural gas platforms and pipelines around the world. The timing and amounts of future cash flows are subject to significant uncertainty and estimation is required in determining the amounts of provisions to be recognized."}

{"content": "How are liabilities for environmental costs recognized by the group?", "summary": "Liabilities for environmental costs are recognized when a clean-up is probable and the associated costs can be reliably estimated. Generally, the timing of recognition of these provisions coincides with the commitment to a formal plan of action or, if earlier, on divestment or on closure of inactive sites."}

{"content": "What is the estimated impact on the group's provisions if the nominal discount rate changes by 0.5%?", "summary": "A 0.5% change in the nominal discount rate could have an impact of approximately $1.3 billion on the value of the group’s provisions, excluding those relating to the Gulf of Mexico oil spill. The impact on the group income statement would not be significant as the majority of the group’s provisions relate to decommissioning costs."}

{"content": "How does the group determine the best estimate of the expenditure required to settle environmental liabilities?", "summary": "The amount recognized is the best estimate of the expenditure required to settle the obligation. Provisions for environmental liabilities have been estimated using existing technology, at future prices and discounted using a nominal discount rate. The group considers current legal and constructive requirements, technology, price levels and expected plans for remediation in estimating these liabilities."}

{"content": "Are decommissioning provisions recognized for downstream and petrochemicals facilities? Why or why not?", "summary": "Decommissioning provisions associated with downstream and petrochemicals facilities are generally not recognized, as the potential obligations cannot be measured, given their indeterminate settlement dates. The group performs periodic reviews of its downstream and petrochemicals long-lived assets for any changes in facts and circumstances that might require the recognition of a decommissioning provision."}

{"content": "How often does the group review the timing and amount of future expenditures related to decommissioning provisions?", "summary": "The timing and amount of future expenditures relating to decommissioning and environmental liabilities are reviewed annually, together with the interest rate used in discounting the cash flows."}

{"content": "Can you describe the process of determining the present value of the decommissioning provision?", "summary": "The present value of the decommissioning provision is determined by discounting the estimated cash flows expressed in expected future prices, taking into account expected inflation, at a nominal discount rate. Prior to a specific date, the group estimated future cash flows in real terms and discounted them using a real discount rate."}

{"content": "How are cash-settled transactions recognized in the group's financial statements?", "summary": "The cost of cash-settled transactions is recognized as an expense over the vesting period, measured by reference to the fair value of the corresponding liability which is recognized on the balance sheet. The liability is remeasured at fair value at each balance sheet date until settlement, with changes in fair value recognized in the income statement."}{"content": "What is the recognition of net interest expense related to pensions and other post-retirement benefits?", "summary": "Net interest expense relating to pensions and other post-retirement benefits represents the net change in present value of plan obligations and the value of plan assets resulting from the passage of time. It is determined by applying the discount rate to the present value of the benefit obligation at the start of the year and to the fair value of plan assets at the start of the year, taking into account expected changes in the obligation or plan assets during the year."}

{"content": "How are defined benefit pension plan surpluses or deficits recognized on the balance sheet?", "summary": "The defined benefit pension plan surplus or deficit recognized on the balance sheet for each plan comprises the difference between the present value of the defined benefit obligation and the fair value of plan assets. Surpluses are recognized to the extent they are recoverable, either by way of a refund from the plan or reductions in future contributions to the plan."}

{"content": "What is the impact of changes in assumptions on the group's pension and other post-retirement benefit obligations?", "summary": "Changes in assumptions, such as the discount rate, inflation rate, salary growth, and mortality levels, can have a significant impact on the group's pension and other post-retirement benefit obligations. These changes can result in material changes to the carrying amounts of these obligations within the next financial year."}

{"content": "How is the group's liability for current tax calculated?", "summary": "The group's liability for current tax is calculated using tax rates and laws that have been enacted or substantively enacted by the balance sheet date. It is based on the taxable profit for the period, which differs from net profit as reported in the income statement due to the rules established by the applicable taxation authorities."}

{"content": "Can you explain the significant estimates involved in accounting for defined benefit pensions and other post-retirement benefits?", "summary": "Accounting for defined benefit pensions and other post-retirement benefits involves making significant estimates. These estimates require assumptions to be made about variables such as the discount rate, inflation rate, salary growth, and mortality levels. The values ascribed to these assumptions can have a significant impact on future net income and net assets."}

{"content": "How does the resolution of tax positions taken by the group affect income tax provisions?", "summary": "The resolution of tax positions taken by the group, through negotiations with relevant tax authorities or through litigation, can have an impact on income tax provisions. This process can take several years to complete and requires judgement to determine whether provisions for income taxes are required and estimation of the amounts that could be payable."}

{"content": "How are contributions to defined contribution plans recognized in the income statement?", "summary": "Contributions to defined contribution plans are recognized in the income statement in the period in which they become payable."}

{"content": "What are the assumptions used to determine the projected benefit obligation for pensions and other post-retirement benefits?", "summary": "The assumptions used to determine the projected benefit obligation for pensions and other post-retirement benefits include variables such as the discount rate, inflation rate, salary growth, and mortality levels. These assumptions are reviewed annually and can have a significant impact on the recorded surpluses and deficits on the balance sheet."}

{"content": "What is the carrying amount of deferred tax assets and liabilities?", "summary": "The carrying amount of deferred tax assets and liabilities is determined based on temporary differences between the tax bases of assets and liabilities and their carrying amounts for financial reporting purposes. These assets and liabilities are measured at the tax rates expected to apply when they are realized or settled."}

{"content": "How does the group assess the risk of a material change to tax provisioning or recognition of deferred tax assets in the next financial year?", "summary": "Management does not assess a significant risk of a material change to the group's tax provisioning or recognition of deferred tax assets in the next financial year. However, the tax position remains inherently uncertain and subject to change. Any differences between management's estimates and actual outcomes could result in income tax charges or credits and changes in current and deferred tax assets or liabilities."}Q1: What is the treatment of customs duties and sales taxes in the financial statements?
A1: Customs duties and sales taxes that are passed on or charged to customers are excluded from revenues and expenses. Assets and liabilities are recognized net of the amount of customs duties or sales tax, except for customs duties or sales taxes incurred on the purchase of goods and services which are not recoverable. Such costs are recognized as part of the cost of acquisition of the asset. Receivables and payables are stated with the amount of customs duty or sales tax included. The net amount of sales tax recoverable from, or payable to, the taxation authority is included in receivables or payables in the balance sheet.

Q2: How are the group's holdings in its own equity instruments represented in the financial statements?
A2: The group's holdings in its own equity instruments, also known as treasury shares, are shown as deductions from shareholders' equity at cost. Shares held in Employee Share Ownership Plans (ESOPs) to meet the future requirements of the employee share-based payment plans are treated in the same manner as treasury shares. These holdings are included in the consolidated financial statements as treasury shares. Consideration received for the sale of such shares is also recognized in equity. No gain or loss is recognized in the income statement on the purchase, sale, issue, or cancellation of equity shares.

Q3: How is revenue from contracts with customers recognized in the financial statements?
A3: Revenue from contracts with customers is recognized when the group satisfies a performance obligation by transferring control of a promised good or service to a customer. The transfer of control of products typically aligns with title passing to the customer and the customer taking physical possession. The group primarily satisfies its performance obligations at a point in time. The transaction price, which is the consideration to which the group expects to be entitled, is allocated to the performance obligations in the contract based on standalone selling prices of the goods or services promised.

Q4: How is interest income recognized in the financial statements?
A4: Interest income is recognized as the interest accrues, using the effective interest rate. The effective interest rate is the rate that exactly discounts estimated future cash receipts through the expected life of the financial instrument to the net carrying amount of the financial asset. This method ensures that interest income is recognized over time as the financial asset generates economic benefits for the group.

Q5: How is dividend income from investments recognized in the financial statements?
A5: Dividend income from investments is recognized when the shareholders' right to receive the payment is established. This typically occurs when the dividend is declared by the investee company. Once the right to receive the dividend is established, the dividend income is recognized in the group's financial statements.

Q6: What was the impact of adopting IFRS 9 and IFRS 15 on the consolidated financial statements?
A6: The adoption of IFRS 9 'Financial Instruments' and IFRS 15 'Revenue from contracts with customers' had a significant impact on the consolidated financial statements. The adoption of these standards resulted in adjustments to certain line items in the balance sheet and income statement. The details of these adjustments can be found in the financial reporting period commencing 1 January 2018.

Q7: Can you provide the net asset adjustment on the adoption of IFRS 9?
A7: The net asset adjustment on the adoption of IFRS 9 was a reduction of $180 million, net of tax. This adjustment mainly related to an increase in the loss allowance for financial assets in the scope of IFRS 9's impairment requirements. The adjustment was reflected in the opening retained earnings at 1 January 2018.

Q8: What were the differences in classification and carrying amounts of financial assets under IFRS 9 and IAS 39?
A8: The classification and measurement approach for financial assets under IFRS 9 reflects the business model in which they are managed and their cash flow characteristics. Compared to the previous standard, IAS 39, there were differences in the classification and carrying amounts of financial assets at the date of initial application, 1 January 2018. These differences are highlighted in the financial statements, indicating the adjustments made on transition to IFRS 9.

Q9: How was the transition to IFRS 9 reflected in the group's share of equity-accounted entities?
A9: The group's transition to IFRS 9 had an impact on the group's share of equity-accounted entities. This impact was reflected in the financial statements and resulted in a reduction of net assets. The details of this impact can be found in the relevant disclosures related to the adoption of IFRS 9.

Q10: What was the overall impact on the group's net assets due to the adoption of IFRS 9?
A10: The overall impact on the group's net assets due to the adoption of IFRS 9 was a reduction of $180 million, as reported in the financial statements. This adjustment primarily resulted from the increase in the loss allowance for financial assets in line with IFRS 9's impairment requirements.{"content": "What is the classification of cash and cash equivalents under IFRS 9?", "summary": "Cash and cash equivalents that were classified as available-for-sale and held-to-maturity financial assets under IAS 39 have been classified as either measured at amortized cost or measured at FVTPL under IFRS 9. Cash and cash equivalents measured at FVTPL comprise money market funds that do not give rise to cash flows that are solely payments of principal and interest. For cash and cash equivalents that have been reclassified to measured at amortized cost, the carrying amount of those assets at the end of the reporting period approximate their fair value. The fair value gain or loss that would have been recognized in other comprehensive income in the reporting period if those financial assets had not been reclassified to amortized cost is immaterial."}

{"content": "How were certain loans classified under IFRS 9?", "summary": "Certain loans that were classified as loans and receivables under IAS 39 have been classified as mandatorily measured at FVTPL under IFRS 9 as a result of the business model in which they are held. The adjustment of $8m to the carrying amount of these assets on transition reflects the difference between amortized cost measurement under IAS 39 and fair value measurement under IFRS 9."}

{"content": "How were cash and cash equivalents reclassified under IFRS 9?", "summary": "Cash and cash equivalents that were classified as available-for-sale and held-to-maturity financial assets under IAS 39 have been classified as either measured at amortized cost or measured at FVTPL under IFRS 9. Cash and cash equivalents measured at FVTPL comprise money market funds that do not give rise to cash flows that are solely payments of principal and interest. For cash and cash equivalents that have been reclassified to measured at amortized cost, the carrying amount of those assets at the end of the reporting period approximate their fair value. The fair value gain or loss that would have been recognized in other comprehensive income in the reporting period if those financial assets had not been reclassified to amortized cost is immaterial."}

{"content": "What was the adjustment made to the 2018 opening balance sheet in relation to fair value gains?", "summary": "An adjustment to the 2018 opening balance sheet was made to transfer $17 million of fair value gains net of related tax from the available-for-sale investments reserve to the profit and loss account reserve."}

{"content": "What is the total loss allowance on financial assets under IFRS 9?", "summary": "The total loss allowance on financial assets under IFRS 9 is $461 million."}

{"content": "What is the increase in loss allowances for loans that form part of the net investment in equity-accounted entities under IFRS 9?", "summary": "The increase in loss allowances for loans that form part of the net investment in equity-accounted entities under IFRS 9 is $43 million."}

{"content": "How does IFRS 9 impact the recognition of credit losses?", "summary": "Under IFRS 9, the financial asset impairment requirements introduce a forward-looking expected credit loss model that results in earlier recognition of credit losses than the incurred loss model of IAS 39. The adjustment to the 2018 opening balance sheet relating to expected credit loss reduced both the carrying amounts of financial assets and the profit and loss account reserve."}

{"content": "What are the changes in accounting for revenue from contracts with customers under IFRS 15?", "summary": "IFRS 15 'Revenue from Contracts with Customers' provides a single model for accounting for revenue arising from contracts with customers, focusing on the identification and satisfaction of performance obligations. BP adopted IFRS 15 from 1 January 2018 and applied the 'modified retrospective' transition approach to implementation. The most significant change identified is the accounting for revenues relating to oil and natural gas properties in which the group has an interest with joint operation partners. From 1 January 2018, BP ceased using the entitlement method of accounting under which revenue was recognized in relation to the group's entitlement to the production from oil and gas properties based on its working interest, irrespective of whether the production was taken and sold to customers. In its 2018 consolidated financial statements, the group recognized revenue when sales are made to customers; production costs have been accrued or deferred to reflect differences between volumes taken and sold to customers and the group's ownership interest in total production volumes."}

{"content": "How does the change in accounting policy for revenue recognition impact BP's net assets?", "summary": "The change in accounting policy for revenue recognition under IFRS 15 had no material effect on BP's net assets as at 1 January 2018."}{"content": "What is the disclosure required by IFRS 15 regarding transaction price allocation?", 
"summary": "The disclosures required by IFRS 15 include the amount of the contract transaction price allocated to performance obligations that are unsatisfied at the balance sheet date."}

{"content": "How does the group handle revenue from contracts with post-delivery pricing terms?", 
"summary": "Revenue relating to contracts with post-delivery pricing terms is recognized initially based on relevant prices at the time of delivery and subsequently adjusted as prices are finalized. All revenue from these contracts is disclosed as revenue from contracts with customers."}

{"content": "How does BP classify its leases under IAS 17?", 
"summary": "BP classifies its leases under IAS 17 as operating leases, which are not recognized on the balance sheet as assets or liabilities."}

{"content": "What is the expected impact of adopting IFRS 16 on BP's balance sheet?", 
"summary": "The adoption of IFRS 16 is expected to have a significant effect on BP's balance sheet, with the recognition of right-of-use assets and lease liabilities for operating leases previously classified as off-balance sheet."}

{"content": "What is the weighted average discount rate to be used for lease liabilities on transition to IFRS 16?", 
"summary": "The weighted average discount rate to be used for lease liabilities on transition to IFRS 16 is expected to be around 3.5%."}

{"content": "How many years is the weighted average remaining lease term for BP's leases?", 
"summary": "The weighted average remaining lease term for BP's leases is expected to be around 9 years."}

{"content": "Can you explain the significance of post-delivery adjustments in relation to revenue recognition under IFRS 15?", 
"summary": "Post-delivery adjustments in relation to revenue recognition under IFRS 15 refer to changes in the value of receivables based on post-delivery changes in quoted commodity prices. These adjustments are considered changes in the value of receivables within the scope of IFRS 9, and all revenue from contracts with post-delivery adjustments is disclosed as revenue from contracts with customers."}

{"content": "How does BP determine the amount of revenue expected to be earned from contracted future deliveries?", 
"summary": "For BP's commodity sales made under term contracts, each delivery is considered a separate performance obligation. The amount of revenue expected to be earned from all sales contracted to be made in future periods, up to 20 years from the balance sheet date, is considered the transaction price."}

{"content": "Can you provide an example of a circumstance where BP would recognize variable lease payments as operating cash flows?", 
"summary": "Variable lease payments that do not depend on an index or rate are recognized as operating cash flows. For example, if BP is leasing a property and the lease agreement includes a variable payment based on the property's sales, this payment would be recognized as an operating cash flow."}

{"content": "What factors does BP consider in determining the discount rate for lease liabilities on transition to IFRS 16?", 
"summary": "BP considers factors such as the lessee legal entity, lease term, and currency when determining the discount rate for lease liabilities on transition to IFRS 16. The weighted average discount rate is expected to be around 3.5%."}{"content": "What is the expected weighted average discount rate for transition as stated in the information provided?", "summary": "The expected weighted average discount rate for transition is around 3.5% with a weighted average remaining lease term of around 9 years. For new leases commencing after 1 January 2019, the discount rate used will be the interest rate implicit in the lease or the incremental borrowing rate if the implicit rate cannot be readily determined."}

{"content": "What is the total cumulative pre-tax income statement charge since the Gulf of Mexico oil spill incident?", "summary": "The total cumulative pre-tax income statement charge since the Gulf of Mexico oil spill incident amounts to $67.0 billion. This charge includes various costs and liabilities, such as spill response costs, litigation and claims costs, environmental costs, and Clean Water Act penalties."}

{"content": "Can you explain the impact of the Gulf of Mexico oil spill on BP's income statement, balance sheet, and cash flow statement?", "summary": "The Gulf of Mexico oil spill has had significant impacts on BP's financial statements. In terms of the income statement, it has resulted in pre-tax charges for expenses related to the incident. On the balance sheet, there are liabilities and provisions recognized for future costs, along with impacts on current assets and liabilities. In the cash flow statement, there are charges for provisions, payments related to claims, and other financial impacts."}

{"content": "How are the operating lease commitments for leases within joint operations included in BP's financial statements?", "summary": "The operating lease commitments for leases within joint operations are included based on BP's net working interest, regardless of whether BP is the operator or whether the lease has been co-signed by the joint operators or not. However, for the transition to IFRS 16, the rights and obligations of each lease in a joint operation have been assessed to determine the recognition of assets and liabilities on the group balance sheet."}

{"content": "What is the net charge for provisions, less payments, in the cash flow statement for the past three years?", "summary": "The net charge for provisions, less payments, in the cash flow statement for the past three years is as follows: In 2018, it was $240 million; in 2017, it was $2,542 million; and in 2016, it was $4,353 million. These charges represent the changes in provisions for various expenses and liabilities."}

{"content": "What are the adjustments expected to be made on transition to IFRS 16 in terms of property, plant and equipment, prepayments, receivables, accruals, payables, provisions, and deferred tax balances?", "summary": "On transition to IFRS 16, adjustments are expected to be made to property, plant and equipment, prepayments, receivables, accruals, payables, provisions, and deferred tax balances. These adjustments are outlined in the provided financial statement information, showing the changes that will be made to each line item."}

{"content": "How are variable lease payments currently treated in BP's financial statements?", "summary": "Currently, variable lease payments are not updated to reflect subsequent changes in the variable factor. Instead, these payments are treated as contingent rentals and charged to profit or loss as and when paid. However, under IFRS 16, the lease liability will be adjusted whenever lease payments change in response to changes in the variable factor."}

{"content": "What is the profit (loss) for the period related to the Gulf of Mexico oil spill in the past three years?", "summary": "The profit (loss) for the period related to the Gulf of Mexico oil spill in the past three years is as follows: In 2018, it was a loss of $1,019 million; in 2017, it was a loss of $5,402 million; and in 2016, it was a loss of $4,029 million. These figures reflect the financial impact of the oil spill incident on BP's profitability."}

{"content": "Can you explain how BP recognizes finance leases within joint operations on their balance sheet?", "summary": "Under IAS 17 and IFRS 16, finance leases within joint operations are recognized on BP's balance sheet. The recognition depends on the rights and obligations of each lease in a joint operation. If all parties to the joint operation jointly control the use of the leased asset and have a legal obligation to make lease payments, the right-of-use asset and lease liability are recognized on the balance sheet. If BP is the only party with the legal obligation to make lease payments but jointly controls the asset, BP recognizes its net share of the right-of-use asset along with a receivable representing the amounts to be recovered from the other parties. If BP jointly controls the asset but is not legally obliged to make lease payments, the net share of the right-of-use asset is recognized along with a payable representing amounts to be paid to the other parties."}

{"content": "What are the movements during the year in the remaining provision for litigation and claims related to the Gulf of Mexico oil spill?", "summary": "The movements during the year in the remaining provision for litigation and claims related to the Gulf of Mexico oil spill are as follows: The provision was $2,580 million at the start of the year. It increased by $629 million during the year. $2,045 million was reclassified to other payables, and $819 million was utilized. As a result, the remaining provision amounted to $345 million at the end of the year, with $333 million classified as current and $12 million classified as non-current."}{"content": "What is the total consideration paid by BP for the acquisition of Petrohawk Energy Corporation?", "summary": "The total consideration for the acquisition of Petrohawk Energy Corporation by BP was $10,302 million, which was paid in cash. As of December 31, 2018, $6,788 million of the consideration had been paid, and the remaining discounted amount of $3,514 million is included in other payables on the group balance sheet and will be paid in four installments."}

{"content": "What were the revenues generated by the acquired activities from the date of acquisition to 31 December 2018?", "summary": "From the date of acquisition to 31 December 2018, the acquired activities generated revenues of $472 million and profit before tax of $49 million. If the business combination had taken place on 1 January 2018, it is estimated that the acquired activities would have generated revenues of $2,798 million and profit before tax of $431 million."}

{"content": "Can you provide an overview of the Economic and Property Damages Settlement Agreement between BP and the Plaintiffs' Steering Committee?", "summary": "The Economic and Property Damages Settlement Agreement (EPD Settlement Agreement) with the Plaintiffs' Steering Committee (PSC) provides for a court-supervised settlement program called the DHCSSP, which commenced operation on 4 June 2012. The DHCSSP determined the business economic loss (BEL) claims, with the majority of claims being processed by the end of 2017. Some BEL claims determined by the DHCSSP have been and continue to be appealed by BP and/or the claimants. The timing of payments for outstanding claims is uncertain and will be impacted by the resolution of appeals and settlements with individual claimants."}

{"content": "What is the amount of other payables for settled economic loss and property damage claims at the end of 2018?", "summary": "At the end of 2018, the amount of other payables for settled economic loss and property damage claims was included in the group balance sheet and payable over a period of up to nine years. The specific amount is not provided in the information given."}

{"content": "What were the net cash outflows for the business combination with BHP Billiton Petroleum in 2018?", "summary": "The net cash outflow for the business combination with BHP Billiton Petroleum in 2018 amounted to $6,767 million. This includes the transaction costs of the acquisition, interest on deferred payments, and the cash consideration paid, net of cash acquired."}

{"content": "What are some of the significant transactions undertaken by BP in 2018, apart from business combinations?", "summary": "In addition to business combinations, BP undertook a number of other individually insignificant transactions in 2018. These transactions are not specified in the provided information."}

{"content": "How much impairment losses were recognized in the upstream segment in 2017?", "summary": "In the upstream segment, impairment losses of $1,138 million were recognized in 2017."}

{"content": "What were the proceeds from disposals of businesses in the downstream segment in 2016?", "summary": "In the downstream segment, the proceeds from disposals of businesses in 2016 amounted to $561 million."}

{"content": "How has the DHCSSP impacted the processing of BEL claims related to the Deepwater Horizon oil spill?", "summary": "The DHCSSP, established as part of the Economic and Property Damages Settlement Agreement, has substantially processed the business economic loss (BEL) claims related to the Deepwater Horizon oil spill. The majority of claims were determined by the end of 2017, but some claims have been appealed by BP and/or the claimants. The impact of the DHCSSP on claim processing is not further specified in the given information."}

{"content": "What is the deferred consideration relating to disposals at the end of 2018?", "summary": "At the end of 2018, the deferred consideration relating to disposals amounted to $35 million receivable within one year and $304 million receivable after one year. Additionally, there is contingent consideration receivable relating to disposals amounting to $893 million. Further information on these amounts can be found in Note 18 of the BP Annual Report and Form 20-F 2018."}{"content": "What were the gains and losses on the sale of businesses in 2018?", "summary": "In 2018, there were gains and losses on the sale of businesses. The gains were primarily from the disposal of our interest in the Magnus field and associated assets in the UK North Sea, and the disposal of a portion of our interest in the Perdido offshore hub in the US. The losses included the disposal of our interest in the Greater Kuparuk Area in the US and adjustments to disposals in prior periods."}

{"content": "How much consideration was received from the sale of businesses in 2017?", "summary": "In 2017, the consideration received from the sale of businesses was not specified in the provided content. Further information may be needed to accurately answer this question."}

{"content": "What were the non-current liabilities in 2016 related to net assets disposed?", "summary": "In 2016, the non-current liabilities related to net assets disposed were $173 million. This information is based on the summarized financial information provided in the content."}

{"content": "What was the total carrying amount of net assets disposed in 2017?", "summary": "In 2017, the total carrying amount of net assets disposed was $533 million. This information is based on the summarized financial information provided in the content."}

{"content": "How much proceeds were received from the sale of businesses in 2016?", "summary": "In 2016, the proceeds received from the sale of businesses were not specified in the provided content. Further information may be needed to accurately answer this question."}

{"content": "What were the most significant charges for impairment losses in the Upstream segment in 2018?", "summary": "In the Upstream segment, the most significant charges for impairment losses in 2018 were $400 million. These charges primarily arose from changes to project activity, asset obsolescence, and the decision to dispose of certain assets. Further details can be found in the content."}

{"content": "What were the impairment reversals related to in the North Sea in 2017?", "summary": "In the North Sea, the impairment reversals in 2017 were $176 million. These reversals were related to a number of different assets and are further described in the content."}

{"content": "How much were the impairment losses recognized in the Downstream segment in 2016?", "summary": "In the Downstream segment, the impairment losses recognized in 2016 were $84 million. Further details about these losses can be found in the content."}

{"content": "Which segment had the highest impairment losses in 2018?", "summary": "The Upstream segment had the highest impairment losses in 2018. These losses amounted to $400 million and were primarily a result of changes to project activity, asset obsolescence, and the decision to dispose of certain assets. This information can be found in the content."}

{"content": "What were the impairment losses recognized in Other businesses and corporate in 2017?", "summary": "In 2017, the impairment losses recognized in Other businesses and corporate were $32 million. Further information about these losses can be found in the content."}{"content": "What were the total sales and other operating revenues in 2018?", "summary": "The total sales and other operating revenues in 2018 were $298,756 million."}

{"content": "What was the growth rate of revenue from contracts with customers from 2016 to 2018?", "summary": "The growth rate of revenue from contracts with customers from 2016 to 2018 was 63.8%."}

{"content": "Can you provide an overview of the segment results for the year 2017?", "summary": "In 2017, the Upstream segment had a replacement cost profit before interest and taxation of $5,221 million, the Downstream segment had a profit before interest and taxation of $7,221 million, and the Rosneft segment had a profit before interest and taxation of $836 million, among other results."}

{"content": "How much interest income was earned from financial assets measured at fair value through profit or loss in 2017?", "summary": "In 2017, there was no interest income earned from financial assets measured at fair value through profit or loss."}

{"content": "What is the trend in exploration and evaluation costs from 2016 to 2018?", "summary": "The trend in exploration and evaluation costs from 2016 to 2018 shows an increase from $1,721 million in 2016 to $2,080 million in 2017, and a decrease to $1,445 million in 2018."}

{"content": "Can you explain the factors contributing to the impairment losses in the exploration and evaluation of oil and natural gas resources?", "summary": "The factors contributing to the impairment losses in the exploration and evaluation of oil and natural gas resources include write-offs of exploration expenditure, license expiries, and license relinquishment."}

{"content": "What were the total non-current assets in the non-US region in 2018?", "summary": "The total non-current assets in the non-US region in 2018 were $124,060 million."}

{"content": "What was the percentage change in crude oil sales from 2016 to 2017?", "summary": "The percentage change in crude oil sales from 2016 to 2017 was an increase of 21.8%."}

{"content": "How does the group allocate its sales of non-oil products and other revenues among its segments?", "summary": "The group primarily allocates its sales of non-oil products and other revenues to the Downstream segment."}

{"content": "What was the profit (loss) before interest and taxation for the Upstream segment in 2016?", "summary": "The Upstream segment had a loss of $430 million before interest and taxation in 2016."}{"content": "Impairment losses 137 — 62\nIntangible assets – exploration and appraisal expenditureb15,989 17,026 16,960\nLiabilities 60 82 102\nNet assets 15,929 16,944 16,858\nCash used in operating activities 360 477 447\nCash used in investing activities 1,119 1,901 2,920\na 2018 includes $447 million in the deepwater Gulf of Mexico principally relating to licence expiries. 2017 included a write-off in Angola of $574 million in relation to licence relinquishment, and Egypt of $208 million following a determination that no commercial hydrocarbons had been found. 2017 also included a $145-million write-off in relation to the value ascribed to certain licences in the deepwater Gulf of Mexico as part of the accounting for the acquisition of upstream assets from Devon Energy in 2011 . 2016 included a $601-million write-off in Brazil relating to the BM-C-34 licence and various write-offs in the Gulf of Mexico totalling $611 million and India totalling $216 million , partially offset by a write-back of $319 million in India relating to block KG D6 as a result of increased confidence in the progress of the projects. An impairment reversal of $234 million was also recorded in 2016 in relation to KG D6 in India. For further information see Upstream – Exploration on page 25 .\nb 2018 includes $2.3 billion relating to licences in the Gulf of Mexico that have expired and approximately $1 .6 billion relating to certain licences elsewhere that are due to expire in the next financial year. BP remains committed to developing these prospects. See Note 1 for further information.\nThe carrying amount, by location, of exploration and appraisal expenditure capitalized as intangible assets at 31 December 2018 is shown in the table below.\nCarrying amount Location\n$1 - 2 billion Angola; India; Egypt; Middle East\n$2 - 3 billion US - Gulf of Mexico; Canada; Brazil\n160 BP Annual Report and Form 20-F 20189. Taxation\nT ax on profit\n$ million\n2018 2017 2016\nCurrent tax\nCharge for the year 6,217 4,208 1,762\nAdjustment in respect of prior yearsa(221) 58 (123)\n5,996 4,266 1,639\nDeferred taxb\nOrigination and reversal of temporary differences in the current year 907 (503) (3,709 )\nAdjustment in respect of prior years 242 (51) (397)\n1,149 (554) (4,106 )\nTax charge (credit) on profit or loss 7,145 3,712 (2,467 )\naThe adjustments in respect of prior years reflect the reassessment of the current tax balances for prior years in light of changes in facts and circumstances during the year.\nbOrigination and reversal of temporary differences in the current year include the impact of tax rate changes on deferred tax balances. 2018 includes a credit of $121 million (2017 $859 million charge) in respect of the reduction in the US federal corporate income tax rate from 35% to 21%, effective from 1 January 2018. The adjustments in respect of prior years reflect the reassessment of deferred tax balances for prior periods in light of all other changes in facts and circumstances during the year.\nIn 2018 , the total tax charge recognized within other comprehensive income was $7...("summary": "The net profit for the year was not provided in the given content."}

{"content": "What is the trend in cash used in investing activities over the past three years?", "summary": "The trend in cash used in investing activities over the past three years is as follows:\n- 2016: $2,920 million\n- 2017: $1,901 million\n- 2018: $1,119 million"}

{"content": "Can you provide an overview of the company's liabilities?", "summary": "The company's liabilities at the end of the years were as follows:\n- 2016: $102 million\n- 2017: $82 million\n- 2018: $60 million"}

{"content": "What is the carrying amount of intangible assets at the end of 2018?", "summary": "The carrying amount of intangible assets at the end of 2018 is as follows:\n- $1-2 billion in Angola, India, Egypt, Middle East\n- $2-3 billion in US, Gulf of Mexico, Canada, Brazil"}

{"content": "What are the main factors contributing to the tax charge on profit or loss?", "summary": "The main factors contributing to the tax charge on profit or loss are:\n- Current tax charges for the year\n- Adjustment in respect of prior years\n- Origination and reversal of temporary differences in the current year"}

{"content": "How has the effective tax rate changed over the past three years?", "summary": "The effective tax rate has changed as follows over the past three years:\n- 2016: 107%\n- 2017: 52%\n- 2018: 43%"}

{"content": "Can you explain the impact of changes in tax rates on the group's tax liabilities?", "summary": "Yes, the changes in tax rates have impacted the group's tax liabilities. For example, in 2018, there was a credit of $121 million due to the reduction in the US federal corporate income tax rate from 35% to 21%. These changes in tax rates affect the calculation of deferred tax balances and can result in changes in the group's tax liabilities."}

{"content": "What was the total tax charge recognized within other comprehensive income in 2018?", "summary": "The total tax charge recognized within other comprehensive income in 2018 was $714 million."}

{"content": "How has the net deferred tax liability changed from 2017 to 2018?", "summary": "The net deferred tax liability has changed from $3,513 million in 2017 to $6,106 million in 2018."}

{"content": "Can you provide an analysis of the deferred tax liability and deferred tax asset by category of temporary difference?", "summary": "Yes, the deferred tax liability and deferred tax asset by category of temporary difference are as follows:\n- Deferred tax liability: Depreciation, pension plan surpluses, derivative financial instruments, other taxable temporary differences\n- Deferred tax asset: Pension plan and other post-retirement benefit plan deficits, decommissioning, environmental and other provisions, derivative financial instruments, tax credits, loss carry forward, other deductible temporary differences"}{"content": "What is the net book amount of land and land improvements at the end of 2018?", "summary": "The net book amount of land and land improvements at the end of 2018 was $2,936 million."}

{"content": "How many shares were issued as scrip dividends in 2018?", "summary": "In 2018, a total of 195,305 shares were issued as scrip dividends."}

{"content": "What was the basic earnings per share for BP in 2016?", "summary": "The basic earnings per share for BP in 2016 was $0.61 per ordinary share."}

{"content": "How many oil depots, storage tanks, and service stations does BP have?", "summary": "BP has 10,493 oil depots, storage tanks, and service stations."}

{"content": "How many shares potentially issuable under employee share option plans were outstanding in 2018?", "summary": "There were 19,437 shares potentially issuable under employee share option plans outstanding in 2018."}

{"content": "What was the percentage increase in the number of ordinary shares outstanding between 2018 and 2019?", "summary": "The percentage increase in the number of ordinary shares outstanding between 2018 and 2019 is not specified in the provided content."}

{"content": "What is the annual growth rate of BP's dividends announced and paid in cash from 2016 to 2018?", "summary": "The annual growth rate of BP's dividends announced and paid in cash from 2016 to 2018 is not specified in the provided content."}

{"content": "How does the diluted earnings per share in 2018 compare to the previous two years?", "summary": "The diluted earnings per share in 2018 is $2.80, which is higher compared to $1.03 in 2017 and $0.04 in 2016."}

{"content": "What is the net book amount of plant, machinery, and equipment at the end of 2018?", "summary": "The net book amount of plant, machinery, and equipment at the end of 2018 was $25,417 million."}

{"content": "What is the average yearly vesting of shares under employee share plans from 2016 to 2018?", "summary": "The average yearly vesting of shares under employee share plans from 2016 to 2018 is not specified in the provided content."}{"content": "What were the impairment reversals in 2018?", "summary": "In 2018, there were no impairment reversals recorded according to the financial statements of BP. The impairment reversals column in the financial statements for that year shows no value or zero for all relevant entries."}

{"content": "What was the net book amount of assets at 31 December 2017?", "summary": "The net book amount of assets at 31 December 2017 for BP was $129,471 million. This includes various categories of assets, such as property, plant and equipment, goodwill, and assets under finance leases. The net book amount represents the carrying value of assets after deducting accumulated depreciation and impairment losses."}

{"content": "Can you explain the process of determining the value in use for each cash-generating unit?", "summary": "The determination of the value in use for each cash-generating unit involves a detailed calculation based on various factors. These factors include projected cash flows expected to be generated by the unit, estimated production volumes, oil and gas prices, discount rates, contractual durations, and selling prices. This calculation takes into account the specific reservoir characteristics, economic circumstances, and long-term business plans for each unit. The value in use is then compared to the carrying amount to assess potential impairment of assets."}

{"content": "What were the capital commitments of BP at 31 December 2017?", "summary": "At 31 December 2017, BP had authorized future capital expenditure amounting to $8,319 million for property, plant, and equipment. These commitments represent contracts that had been signed by group companies. Additionally, BP had capital commitments of $1,227 million in relation to associates and $619 million in joint ventures. These commitments reflect the planned investments and expansion initiatives of the company."}

{"content": "What was the net book amount of goodwill at 31 December 2018?", "summary": "The net book amount of goodwill at 31 December 2018 for BP was $12.204 billion. Goodwill is allocated to different cash-generating units within the company, such as the Upstream and Downstream segments. It represents the excess of the purchase price over the fair value of identifiable net assets acquired in business combinations. The net book amount reflects any impairment losses recorded during the year."}

{"content": "How does BP allocate goodwill to different cash-generating units?", "summary": "BP allocates goodwill to different cash-generating units based on the expected benefits and synergies of the acquisition. For the Upstream segment, goodwill is allocated to all oil and gas assets at the segment level. In the Downstream segment, goodwill is allocated to specific units, such as Lubricants and Other. This allocation is made to reflect the value and potential growth opportunities associated with each unit."}

{"content": "What were the exchange adjustments for goodwill in 2017?", "summary": "In 2017, there was a net exchange adjustment of ($210) million for goodwill according to BP's financial statements. This adjustment represents the impact of currency exchange rate fluctuations on the carrying value of goodwill during that year. It reflects changes in the value of foreign currencies relative to the reporting currency of BP."}

{"content": "What was the excess of recoverable amount over carrying amount for the Upstream segment in 2018?", "summary": "In 2018, the excess of the recoverable amount over the carrying amount for the Upstream segment was $53.391 billion. This calculation is based on a post-tax value-in-use calculation, which considers the projected cash flows, estimated reserves and resources, production profiles, and other relevant factors. The positive excess indicates that the carrying amount of assets in the Upstream segment is lower than their estimated recoverable value."}

{"content": "How does the estimation of future cash flows impact the impairment testing of goodwill?", "summary": "The estimation of future cash flows is a critical component of the impairment testing of goodwill. It allows for the calculation of the value in use, which compares the projected cash flows of a cash-generating unit to its carrying amount. If the estimated future cash flows are lower than the carrying amount, it indicates potential impairment and a need for an impairment loss. This estimation is subject to various assumptions, such as oil and gas prices, production volumes, and discount rates."}

{"content": "What were the cash flow assumptions used for the Lubricants unit's impairment review of goodwill?", "summary": "The cash flow assumptions used for the Lubricants unit's impairment review of goodwill are based on the business segment plans and cover a period of up to five years. These assumptions include operating unit margins, sales volumes, and discount rates. They are derived from past experience and reflect the expected performance of the Lubricants unit. The impairment review considers these assumptions to determine the recoverable amount and assess the need for impairments."}{"content": "What are the assumptions used in the detailed impairment review of goodwill calculation?", "summary": "The assumptions used in the detailed impairment review of goodwill calculation include operating margin, sales volumes, and discount rate. These assumptions are consistent with the Lubricants unit's business plan and are based on past experience. No reasonably possible change in these assumptions would cause the unit's carrying amount to exceed its recoverable amount."}

{"content": "What is the net book amount of intangible assets at the end of 2018?", "summary": "The net book amount of intangible assets at the end of 2018 was $17.284 billion. This includes exploration and appraisal expenditure, as well as other intangibles. The net book amount represents the carrying value of the assets after deducting amortization and impairment losses."}

{"content": "What is the functional currency of Rosneft, the group's associate?", "summary": "The functional currency of Rosneft, the group's associate, is the Russian ruble. This means that the financial transactions and reporting for Rosneft are done in Russian ruble."}

{"content": "What was the total comprehensive income of the group's joint ventures in 2017?", "summary": "The total comprehensive income of the group's joint ventures in 2017 was $1.185 billion. This includes sales and other operating revenues, profit before interest and taxation, finance costs, profit before taxation, taxation, profit for the year, and other comprehensive income."}

{"content": "What were the sales and other operating revenues of the group's associates in 2016?", "summary": "The sales and other operating revenues of the group's associates in 2016 were $20.067 billion. This reflects the financial performance of the associates and includes revenue from various sources."}

{"content": "What is the percentage of BP's ownership in Rosneft?", "summary": "BP owns 19.75% of the voting shares of Rosneft. This represents a significant ownership stake in the company. The Russian federal government is the majority shareholder with a 50.0% plus one share ownership."}

{"content": "Can you explain the terms of the outstanding balances receivable from joint ventures?", "summary": "The outstanding balances receivable from joint ventures typically have terms of 30 to 45 days. These balances are unsecured and will be settled in cash. There are no significant provisions for doubtful debts related to these balances, and no significant expense is recognized in the income statement for bad or doubtful debts."}

{"content": "How does BP classify its investment in Rosneft and why?", "summary": "BP classifies its investment in Rosneft as an associate. This is because, in management’s judgment, BP has significant influence over Rosneft. By classifying it as an associate, BP is able to reflect its influence and the financial performance of Rosneft in its own financial statements."}

{"content": "What adjustments does BP make to Rosneft's results when applying the equity method of accounting?", "summary": "When applying the equity method of accounting, BP makes adjustments to Rosneft's results for the accounting required under IFRS. These adjustments include the effects of BP's purchase of its interest in Rosneft and the amortization of the deferred gain relating to the disposal of BP's interest in TNK-BP. These adjustments result in a lower reported amount for impairment charges of downstream goodwill compared to Rosneft's own financial statements."}

{"content": "Could you provide a summary of the financial information for LLC Kharampurneftegaz, the Rosneft subsidiary in which BP acquired a stake?", "summary": "LLC Kharampurneftegaz is a Rosneft subsidiary in which BP acquired a 49% stake. It is involved in developing subsoil resources in northern Russia. The financial information for LLC Kharampurneftegaz includes sales and other operating revenues, profit before interest and taxation, finance costs, profit before taxation, taxation, profit for the year, other comprehensive income, non-current assets, current assets, total assets, current liabilities, non-current liabilities, total liabilities, net assets, and group investment."}{"content": "What is the amount of payable at 31 December?", "summary": "The amount of payable at 31 December is not provided in the given information."}

{"content": "What is the percentage change in crude oil and oil products sales from 2017 to 2018?", "summary": "The percentage change in crude oil and oil products sales from 2017 to 2018 is not provided in the given information."}

{"content": "Can you provide more information about the acquisition of LLC Kharampurneftegaz by BP?", "summary": "In 2018, BP acquired a 49% stake in LLC Kharampurneftegaz, a Rosneft subsidiary. LLC Kharampurneftegaz will develop subsoil resources in northern Russia. BP's interest in LLC Kharampurneftegaz is accounted for as an associate. The outstanding balances receivable from associates are typically settled in cash within 30 to 45 days."}

{"content": "What is the valuation of equity investments in 2017?", "summary": "The valuation of equity investments in 2017 was not provided in the given information."}

{"content": "What is the percentage change in crude oil inventory from 2017 to 2018?", "summary": "The percentage change in crude oil inventory from 2017 to 2018 is not provided in the given information."}

{"content": "How does BP manage credit risk in non-recourse arrangements?", "summary": "The given information does not provide specific details on how BP manages credit risk in non-recourse arrangements."}

{"content": "What is the amount of trade receivables from joint ventures and associates in 2018?", "summary": "The amount of trade receivables from joint ventures and associates in 2018 is not provided in the given information."}

{"content": "What is the growth rate of sales taxes and production taxes from 2017 to 2018?", "summary": "The growth rate of sales taxes and production taxes from 2017 to 2018 is not provided in the given information."}

{"content": "Can you provide more information about the valuation and qualifying accounts?", "summary": "The given information does not provide specific information about the valuation and qualifying accounts."}

{"content": "What is the current amount of provisions for litigation and claims?", "summary": "The current amount of provisions for litigation and claims is not provided in the given information."}{"content": "Pension benefits may be provided through defined contribution plans (money purchase schemes) or defined benefit plans (final salary and other types of schemes with committed pension benefit payments).", "summary": "There are two common types of pension plans: defined contribution plans and defined benefit plans."}

{"content": "For defined contribution plans, retirement benefits are determined by the value of funds arising from contributions paid in respect of each employee.", "summary": "In defined contribution plans, retirement benefits are based on the amount of funds contributed by the employee."}

{"content": "For defined benefit plans, retirement benefits are based on such factors as an employee’s pensionable salary and length of service.", "summary": "Retirement benefits in defined benefit plans are determined by factors like an employee's salary and years of service."}

{"content": "Defined benefit plans may be funded or unfunded.", "summary": "Defined benefit plans can be either funded or unfunded."}

{"content": "The assets of funded plans are generally held in separately administered trusts.", "summary": "Funded pension plans typically have their assets managed by separate trusts."}

{"content": "What are the common types of pension plans?", "summary": "There are two common types of pension plans: defined contribution plans and defined benefit plans."}

{"content": "How are retirement benefits calculated in defined contribution plans?", "summary": "In defined contribution plans, retirement benefits are based on the amount of funds contributed by the employee."}

{"content": "What factors determine retirement benefits in defined benefit plans?", "summary": "Retirement benefits in defined benefit plans are determined by factors like an employee's salary and years of service."}

{"content": "Are defined benefit plans generally funded or unfunded?", "summary": "Defined benefit plans can be either funded or unfunded."}

{"content": "Where are the assets of funded pension plans typically held?", "summary": "Assets of funded pension plans are usually held in separately administered trusts."}{"content": "What is the asset allocation policy for the major plans at 31 December 2018?", "summary": "The asset allocation policy for the major plans at 31 December 2018 was as follows: Total equity (including private equity) 30% for the UK and 40% for the US, Bonds/cash (including LDI) 63% for the UK and 60% for the US, and Property/real estate 7% for the UK."}

{"content": "How much did the primary UK pension plan invest under the LDI programme as at 31 December 2018?", "summary": "The primary UK pension plan invested $4,197 million of government-issued nominal bonds and $17,491 million of index-linked bonds under the Liability Driven Investment (LDI) programme as at 31 December 2018."}

{"content": "Do the UK and US plans use derivative financial instruments?", "summary": "The UK and US plans do not use derivative financial instruments. However, some of the group's pension plans in the Eurozone and other countries do use derivative financial instruments to manage risk."}

{"content": "What are the fair values of the various categories of assets held by the defined benefit plans at 31 December?", "summary": "At 31 December, the fair values of the various categories of assets held by the defined benefit plans were as follows: Listed equities - developed markets $7,148 million, Listed equities - emerging markets $1,134 million, Private equity $4,291 million, Government issued nominal bonds $7,763 million, Government issued index-linked bonds $17,593 million, Corporate bonds $7,539 million, Property $2,399 million, Cash $574 million, and Other $252 million."}

{"content": "What is the amount charged to profit or loss for the operating charge relating to defined benefit plans in 2018?", "summary": "The amount charged to profit or loss for the operating charge relating to defined benefit plans in 2018 was $766 million."}

{"content": "What is the trend in the asset allocation between equities and bonds for the UK and US plans?", "summary": "The trend in the asset allocation between equities and bonds for the UK and US plans is that there is a planned increase in the proportion of assets held as bonds and a decrease in the proportion of assets held as equities over time."}

{"content": "What is the growth rate of the fair value of plan assets from 2016 to 2018?", "summary": "The fair value of plan assets grew from $40,685 million in 2016 to $42,682 million in 2018, representing a growth rate of approximately 4.9%."}

{"content": "How has the actual asset return changed from 2017 to 2018?", "summary": "The actual asset return, which includes interest income on plan assets and the remeasurement of plan assets, decreased from a gain of $721 million in 2017 to a loss of $1,083 million in 2018."}

{"content": "What is the change in the demographic assumptions underlying the present value of the plan liabilities?", "summary": "The change in the demographic assumptions underlying the present value of the plan liabilities was an increase of $79 million in 2018."}

{"content": "What is the movement in the benefit obligation from 2017 to 2018?", "summary": "The movement in the benefit obligation from 2017 to 2018 was an increase of $3,400 million, with the benefit obligation at 31 December 2018 totaling $45,118 million."}{"content": "What is the amount charged to profit or loss for operating defined benefit plans in 2017?", "summary": "The amount charged to profit or loss for operating defined benefit plans in 2017 was $809 million."}

{"content": "How much did BP contribute to plan participants in 2018?", "summary": "BP contributed a total of $267 million to plan participants in 2018."}

{"content": "What is the fair value of plan assets at the end of 2017?", "summary": "The fair value of plan assets at the end of 2017 was $46,513 million."}

{"content": "What was the change in financial assumptions underlying the present value of plan liabilities in 2018?", "summary": "In 2018, the change in financial assumptions underlying the present value of plan liabilities was a decrease of $461 million."}

{"content": "How much was the actual asset return less interest income on plan assets in 2016?", "summary": "The actual asset return less interest income on plan assets in 2016 was $4,813 million."}

{"content": "What is the expected benefit payment for the Eurozone in 2022?", "summary": "The expected benefit payment for the Eurozone in 2022 is $326 million."}

{"content": "Can you explain the sensitivity analysis of the pension and other post-retirement benefit expenses?", "summary": "The sensitivity analysis of the pension and other post-retirement benefit expenses takes into account the effects of changes in discount rates, inflation rates, salary growth, and mortality assumptions on the reported amounts."}

{"content": "What are the estimated future benefit payments for BP up until 2028?", "summary": "The estimated future benefit payments for BP up until 2028 are as follows: In 2019: $2,268 million, In 2020: $2,227 million, In 2021: $2,290 million, In 2022: $2,263 million, and from 2024-2028: $11,252 million."}

{"content": "How does the fair value of plan assets affect the surplus or deficit of the pension plans at BP?", "summary": "The fair value of plan assets directly impacts the surplus or deficit of the pension plans at BP. A higher fair value of plan assets results in a surplus, while a lower fair value leads to a deficit."}{"content": "How much cash and cash equivalents does the group hold outside the UK?", "summary": "The group holds $4,693 million (2017 $3,638 million) of cash and cash equivalents outside the UK and it is not expected that any significant tax will arise on repatriation."}

{"content": "What is the weighted average interest rate for fixed-rate debt in 2018?", "summary": "In 2018, the weighted average interest rate for fixed-rate debt was 4% for US dollar debt and 7% for debt in other currencies. The total amount of fixed-rate debt was $18,250 million."}

{"content": "Can you explain the capital disclosures and analysis of changes in net debt for BP?", "summary": "BP defines capital as total equity and monitors it based on the net debt ratio. The net debt ratio at the end of 2018 was 30.3%. Net debt is calculated as gross finance debt plus the fair value of associated derivative financial instruments, less cash and cash equivalents. The movement in net debt in 2018 was influenced by net cash flows, fair value gains/losses, and other movements."}

{"content": "What is the cost recognized for operating leases in 2018?", "summary": "The cost recognized in relation to minimum lease payments for operating leases in 2018 was $3,514 million."}

{"content": "How much were the future minimum lease payments for land and buildings in 2018?", "summary": "The future minimum lease payments for land and buildings in 2018 amounted to $1,914 million."}

{"content": "What financial instruments does BP have classified as financial assets?", "summary": "BP has other investments, loans, trade and other receivables, derivative financial instruments, and cash and cash equivalents classified as financial assets."}

{"content": "How much did BP have in loans in 2018?", "summary": "BP had $963 million in loans in 2018."}

{"content": "What is the net debt ratio for BP at the end of 2018?", "summary": "The net debt ratio for BP at the end of 2018 was 30.3%."}

{"content": "Can you provide an overview of BP's financial risk factors and how they manage them?", "summary": "BP manages financial risk factors such as interest rate and foreign currency exchange risk through the use of derivative financial instruments. The fair value of these instruments is reported on the balance sheet. They also aim to maintain a net debt ratio within a 20-30% band and maintain a significant liquidity buffer."}

{"content": "What is the carrying amount of other investments for BP?", "summary": "The carrying amount of other investments for BP is $1,563 million."}{"content": "What is the carrying amount of loans and receivables at 31 December 2018?", "summary": "The carrying amount of loans and receivables at 31 December 2018 was $963 million."}

{"content": "What is the total carrying amount of financial assets at 31 December 2017?", "summary": "The total carrying amount of financial assets at 31 December 2017 was $47,113 million."}

{"content": "What is the fair value of finance debt shown in Note 26?", "summary": "The fair value of finance debt is shown in Note 26, but for all other financial instruments, the carrying amount is either the fair value or approximates the fair value."}

{"content": "What is the net loss related to other assets and liabilities measured at fair value through profit or loss?", "summary": "The net loss related to other assets and liabilities measured at fair value through profit or loss was $78 million."}

{"content": "What is the dividend income from investments in equity instruments classified as measured at fair value through profit or loss?", "summary": "The dividend income from investments in equity instruments classified as measured at fair value through profit or loss was $8 million."}

{"content": "What are the major components of market risk?", "summary": "The major components of market risk include commodity price risk, foreign currency exchange risk, and interest rate risk."}

{"content": "How does the group measure market risk exposure arising from its trading positions?", "summary": "The group measures market risk exposure arising from its trading positions using value-at-risk techniques and stress testing."}

{"content": "What is BP's foreign currency exchange management policy?", "summary": "BP's foreign currency exchange management policy is to limit economic and material transactional exposures arising from currency movements against the US dollar."}

{"content": "How does the group manage net residual foreign currency exposures?", "summary": "The group manages net residual foreign currency exposures by constantly reviewing the foreign currency economic value at risk and aims to keep the 12-month foreign currency value at risk below $400 million."}

{"content": "What is the maximum risk limit for the group's foreign currency value at risk?", "summary": "The maximum risk limit for the group's foreign currency value at risk has not been exceeded in the past three years."}

{"content": "Can you explain the classification, measurement, and impairment requirements of IAS 39?", "summary": "IAS 39 provides guidance on the classification, measurement, and impairment of financial instruments, including the criteria for amortized cost, fair value measurement, and impairment assessment."}

{"content": "How does the group manage financial risks arising from natural business exposures?", "summary": "The group manages financial risks arising from natural business exposures through the use of financial instruments and risk management strategies, such as hedging and value-at-risk techniques."}

{"content": "Who oversees the management of financial risks in the group?", "summary": "The group chief financial officer (CFO) oversees the management of financial risks in the group, with advice from the group financial risk committee (GFRC) chaired by the CFO."}

{"content": "What are the main financial risk factors that the group is exposed to?", "summary": "The main financial risk factors that the group is exposed to include market risks related to commodity prices, foreign currency exchange rates, and interest rates, as well as credit risk and liquidity risk."}

{"content": "Can you provide an overview of BP's trading activities in different markets?", "summary": "BP's trading activities in different markets include oil, natural gas, LNG, and power trading, which are managed within the integrated supply and trading function. The group also engages in foreign exchange and interest rate activities within financial markets."}1. Q: What were the most significant open contracts in place for BP at 31 December 2018?
   A: At 31 December 2018, the most significant open contracts in place for BP amounted to $434 million in sterling.

2. Q: What was the weighted average interest rate on finance debt for BP at 31 December 2018?
   A: The weighted average interest rate on finance debt for BP at 31 December 2018 was 4%.

3. Q: How does BP control interest rate risk in relation to its financial instruments?
   A: BP controls interest rate risk by utilizing derivatives to swap debt to a floating rate exposure, mainly in US dollars. They also maintain a proportional fixed rate exposure for certain circumstances. This helps mitigate the impact of changes in interest rates on the cash flows or fair values of their financial instruments.

4. Q: What was the estimated change in BP's finance costs for 2019 if the interest rates applicable to floating rate instruments changed by one percentage point on 1 January 2019?
   A: If the interest rates applicable to floating rate instruments had changed by one percentage point on 1 January 2019, it was estimated that BP's finance costs for 2019 would have changed by approximately $475 million.

5. Q: What is the proportion of floating rate debt net of interest rate swaps for BP at 31 December 2018?
   A: At 31 December 2018, the proportion of floating rate debt net of interest rate swaps for BP was 72% of their total finance debt outstanding.

6. Q: How does BP manage credit risk and ensure consistent processes throughout the group?
   A: BP manages credit risk by enforcing a credit policy approved by the CFO. They segregate credit approval authorities from teams authorized to incur credit risk and establish credit systems and processes for rating and monitoring counterparty exposures. The treasury function holds the oversight responsibility for exposure to banks and financial institutions. This ensures consistent processes and credit risk management throughout the group.

7. Q: What is the maximum credit exposure associated with financial assets for BP as at 31 December 2018?
   A: As at 31 December 2018, the maximum credit exposure associated with financial assets for BP is equal to their carrying amount.

8. Q: What is the allocation of credit risk ratings for financial assets held by BP at 31 December 2018?
   A: As of 31 December 2018, the allocation of credit risk ratings for financial assets held by BP is as follows:
      - AAA to AA-: 22%
      - A+ to A-: 41%
      - BBB+ to BBB-: 16%
      - BB+ to BB-: 8%
      - B+ to B-: 11%
      - CCC+ and below: 2%

9. Q: How does BP calculate expected loss allowances for credit risk?
   A: BP calculates expected loss allowances based on the maximum contractual period over which the group is exposed to credit risk. They assign credit risk ratings based on predictive data, including external ratings. Probabilities of default and loss given default are determined based on historical, current, and future-looking market data. Experienced credit judgment is applied to ensure the ratings properly reflect the credit risk associated with BP's exposures.

10. Q: What were the movements in the impairment provision for trade and other receivables reported by BP?
    A: The movements in the impairment provision for trade and other receivables reported by BP are detailed in Note 21 of their financial report.{"content": "How does BP manage its working capital?", "summary": "BP manages its working capital by centrally forecasting cash and currency requirements, pooling cash surpluses, funding subsidiaries' requirements, investing net surplus, and managing overall net currency positions. Additionally, BP utilizes various arrangements including discounting receivables and active management of supplier payment terms, inventory, and collateral. Some supplier arrangements utilize letter of credit (LC) facilities."}

{"content": "What is the long-term credit rating for BP by Standard & Poor's Ratings?", "summary": "BP's long-term credit rating by Standard & Poor's Ratings is A- (stable outlook). The stable outlook reflects the assessment of a low likelihood of a rating change over the medium term. BP's credit rating indicates its ability to meet its financial obligations and highlights its financial strength."}

{"content": "How much cash and cash equivalents did BP have at the end of 2018?", "summary": "At the end of 2018, BP had $22.5 billion in cash and cash equivalents. These funds were primarily invested with highly rated banks or money market funds, ensuring their liquidity and accessibility for immediate needs."}

{"content": "What are the undrawn borrowing facilities available to BP at the end of 2018?", "summary": "At the end of 2018, BP had substantial undrawn borrowing facilities of $7,625 million. These standby facilities, available until the first half of 2022, are with 25 international banks. Borrowings under these facilities can be made at pre-agreed rates, providing BP with additional financial flexibility."}

{"content": "How many LC facilities does BP have and what is their total value?", "summary": "BP has committed LC facilities totaling $12,175 million with a number of banks. These facilities allow BP to issue LCs for a maximum duration of 24 months. Additionally, there were uncommitted secured LC facilities in place for $4,190 million at the end of 2018. These facilities are secured against inventories or receivables when utilized."}

{"content": "What is the minimum lease payments with respect to finance leases at the end of 2018?", "summary": "The minimum lease payments with respect to finance leases at the end of 2018 amounted to $64,608 million. These lease payments are categorized based on their timing and include various periods ranging from within one year to over 10 years."}

{"content": "What is the timing of cash outflows for trade and other payables and accruals?", "summary": "The timing of cash outflows for trade and other payables and accruals varies based on the respective periods. For example, within one year, the cash outflows amounted to $43,230 million, while cash outflows for 1 to 2 years totaled $2,232 million. The table provided in the content provides a detailed breakdown of cash outflows for different time periods."}

{"content": "How much cash is expected to be outflow for derivative financial instruments in the next 1 to 2 years?", "summary": "In the next 1 to 2 years, cash outflows for derivative financial instruments, excluding derivative hedging instruments, are expected to be $1,678 million. These cash outflows are based on the expected maturities of both derivative assets and liabilities and are subject to management's current anticipation."}

{"content": "What is the fair value of currency derivatives held for trading by BP?", "summary": "BP's currency derivatives held for trading have a fair value asset of $69 million and a fair value liability of $898 million. These fair values are determined based on market prices provided by the exchange and are categorized within the fair value hierarchy."}

{"content": "How much net income did BP generate from oil price derivatives trading in 2018?", "summary": "BP generated a net income of $2,361 million from oil price derivatives trading in 2018. This indicates the profitability of BP's trading activities in managing its business exposures related to oil price fluctuations."}{"content": "What were the total currency derivative values in 2018?", 
"summary": "In 2018, the total currency derivative values were $7,578 million. These values included different maturities ranging from less than 1 year to over 5 years, with the largest proportion held for 1-2 years."}

{"content": "What was the net fair value of level 3 derivatives at the end of 2017?", 
"summary": "At the end of 2017, the net fair value of level 3 derivatives was $880 million. This value represents the difference between the fair value of these derivatives and any deferred day-one gains or losses."}

{"content": "How does the group manage foreign currency risk in cash flow hedges?", 
"summary": "The group manages foreign currency risk in cash flow hedges by using currency forwards as hedging instruments. These forwards are designated to hedge highly probable forecast non-US dollar capital expenditure. The group applies hedge accounting to match the currency exposure of the hedged item and the hedging instrument, ensuring an economic relationship between them and mitigating counterparty credit risk."}

{"content": "What was the total net gain from derivative contracts in 2016?", 
"summary": "The total net gain from derivative contracts in 2016 was $1,435 million. This net gain includes gains and losses on contracts entered into for risk management purposes, optimization activity, and entrepreneurial trading. It also encompasses gains and losses on certain contracts that are required to be fair valued under accounting standards."}

{"content": "What was the growth rate of derivative liabilities held for trading from 2017 to 2018?", 
"summary": "The growth rate of derivative liabilities held for trading from 2017 to 2018 was approximately 36.2%. The total net fair value of these liabilities increased from $5,574 million in 2017 to $7,578 million in 2018. This growth reflects the changing market conditions and the group's exposure to various risks in its derivative contracts."}

{"content": "Can you explain the changes in the net fair value of level 3 derivatives in 2018?", 
"summary": "The net fair value of level 3 derivatives changed in 2018 due to various factors. Gains and losses were recognized in the income statement, settlements occurred, and there were transfers out of level 3. These changes resulted in a net decrease in fair value for oil price derivatives, natural gas price derivatives, and power price derivatives. Overall, the net fair value of level 3 derivatives decreased by $31 million."}

{"content": "What were the fair value of derivative assets at the end of 2018?", 
"summary": "At the end of 2018, the fair value of derivative assets was $8,564 million. These assets were classified into three levels of fair value estimation: level 1, level 2, and level 3. Level 1 assets had a fair value of $128 million, level 2 assets had a fair value of $7,320 million, and level 3 assets had a fair value of $3,627 million."}

{"content": "What was the net fair value of power price derivatives in 2017?", 
"summary": "In 2017, the net fair value of power price derivatives was $693 million. These derivatives involve contracts related to power price movements, and their fair value is determined based on market conditions and the group's risk management activities."}

{"content": "How are gains and losses on derivative contracts included in the income statement?", 
"summary": "Gains and losses on derivative contracts are included in the income statement under the category of sales and other operating revenues. These gains and losses arise from contracts entered into for risk management purposes, optimization activity, and entrepreneurial trading. They also include gains and losses on inventory held for trading purposes. It's important to note that the net gains or losses on derivative contracts may differ from the total amount disclosed, as this does not include gains and losses on realized physical derivative contracts or the change in value of transportation and storage contracts."}

{"content": "What were the net fair value of level 2 derivatives in 2017?", 
"summary": "In 2017, the net fair value of level 2 derivatives was $524 million. These derivatives were classified as level 2 assets, indicating that their fair value was estimated using observable inputs other than quoted prices in active markets. The fair value of these derivatives varied across different maturities and commodity types."}{"content": "What is the carrying amount of derivatives designated as hedging instruments in fair value hedge relationships at 31 December 2018?", 
 "summary": "The carrying amount of the derivatives designated as hedging instruments in fair value hedge relationships at 31 December 2018 was $262 million for interest rate risk on finance debt and $158 million for interest rate and foreign currency risk on finance debt."}

{"content": "What is the weighted average floating interest rate of the interest rate swaps and cross-currency interest rate swaps in fair value hedge relationships at 31 December 2018?", 
 "summary": "The weighted average floating interest rate of the interest rate swaps in fair value hedge relationships at 31 December 2018 was 3.04%. For cross-currency interest rate swaps, the weighted average floating interest rate was 4.07%."}

{"content": "How does the group manage all risks derived from debt issuance, such as credit risk?", 
 "summary": "The group manages all risks derived from debt issuance, including credit risk. However, the group applies hedge accounting only to certain components of interest rate and foreign currency risk to minimize hedge ineffectiveness. More details on the group's approach to interest rate and foreign currency exchange risk management can be found in Note 29 of the financial report."}

{"content": "What is the change in fair value of the hedged items used to calculate ineffectiveness in fair value hedge relationships as of December 31, 2018?", 
 "summary": "The change in fair value of the hedged item used to calculate ineffectiveness in fair value hedge relationships as of December 31, 2018 was $69 million for interest rate risk on finance debt and ($809) million for interest rate and foreign currency risk on finance debt."}

{"content": "What is the nominal amount of the derivatives designated as hedging instruments in fair value hedge relationships by tenor at 31 December 2018?", 
 "summary": "The nominal amount of the derivatives designated as hedging instruments in fair value hedge relationships by tenor at 31 December 2018 was $24,513 million for interest rate risk on finance debt, with varying amounts across different tenors. For interest rate and foreign currency risk on finance debt, the nominal amount was $16,580 million."}

{"content": "Can you explain the group's approach to interest rate and foreign currency exchange risk management?", 
 "summary": "The group's approach to interest rate and foreign currency exchange risk management involves identifying and hedging these risks on an instrument-by-instrument basis. For interest rate risks, the group designates the benchmark interest rate component as a fair value hedge. For foreign currency risks, the group excludes the foreign currency basis spread component implicit in the cross-currency interest rate swaps. The group applies hedge accounting based on an economic relationship determination, with matching terms between the hedged items and the hedging instruments. The group also takes into account derivative counterparty credit risk and any differences in payment frequencies."}

{"content": "What is the recognition of hedge ineffectiveness in profit or loss for fair value hedges as of December 31, 2018?", 
 "summary": "The hedge ineffectiveness recognized in profit or loss for fair value hedges as of December 31, 2018 was a loss of $1 million for interest rate risk on finance debt and a gain of $3 million for interest rate and foreign currency risk on finance debt."}

{"content": "What is the change in fair value of the hedging instruments used to calculate ineffectiveness in fair value hedge relationships as of December 31, 2018?", 
 "summary": "The change in fair value of the hedging instruments used to calculate ineffectiveness in fair value hedge relationships as of December 31, 2018 was a loss of $70 million for interest rate risk on finance debt and a gain of $812 million for interest rate and foreign currency risk on finance debt."}

{"content": "Can you discuss the sources of ineffectiveness in fair value hedges identified by the group?", 
 "summary": "The group has identified two sources of ineffectiveness in fair value hedges that are not expected to be material. The first is the derivative counterparty's credit risk, which is not offset by the hedged item. This risk is mitigated by entering into derivative transactions only with high credit quality counterparties. The second source is the sensitivity to interest rate differences between the hedged item and the derivatives, driven by differences in payment frequencies between the instrument and the bond."}

{"content": "What is the carrying amount and nominal amount of the derivatives designated as hedging instruments in cash flow hedge relationships at 31 December 2018?", 
 "summary": "The carrying amount of the derivatives designated as hedging instruments in cash flow hedge relationships at 31 December 2018 was $5 million for highly probable forecast capital expenditure and $2 million for highly probable forecast sales. The nominal amounts of these hedging instruments were $386 million for highly probable forecast capital expenditure and $145 million for highly probable forecast sales."}{"content": "What were the total cash flow hedges transferred to the balance sheet in 2018?", 
"summary": "The total cash flow hedges transferred to the balance sheet in 2018 was $26 million."}

{"content": "How many new shares were issued for the scrip dividend program in 2018?", 
"summary": "In 2018, a total of 195,305 new shares were issued for the scrip dividend program."}

{"content": "What is the maximum number of treasury shares held by BP during the year?", 
"summary": "During the year, the maximum number of treasury shares held by BP was 1,482,072."}

{"content": "What was the percentage change in the capital redemption reserve from 2017 to 2018?", 
"summary": "There was no percentage change in the capital redemption reserve from 2017 to 2018 as it remained the same at $1,439 million."}

{"content": "How much did BP spend on repurchasing ordinary shares in 2018?", 
"summary": "BP spent a total of $355 million on repurchasing 50 million ordinary shares in 2018 as part of the share repurchase program."}

{"content": "What was the total comprehensive income for BP in 2018?", 
"summary": "The total comprehensive income for BP in 2018 was not mentioned in the provided content."}

{"content": "Can you explain the significance of the cash flow hedge reserve relating to the purchase of equity?", 
"summary": "The cash flow hedge reserve relating to the purchase of equity provides a means for BP to manage and mitigate the risks associated with fluctuations in interest rates and foreign currencies in relation to its debt. It helps to protect the company's financial position and ensure stability during uncertain market conditions."}

{"content": "What voting rights do shareholders have in a general meeting?", 
"summary": "Shareholders have the right to vote on substantive resolutions tabled at a general meeting. Their voting power is determined by the number of shares they hold. Specifically, on a poll, shareholders have two votes for every £5 in nominal amount of the first and second preference shares held and one vote for every ordinary share held. On procedural matters, shareholders have one vote each during a show-of-hands vote."}

{"content": "How would preference shareholders be compensated in the event of the winding up of the company?", 
"summary": "In the event of the winding up of the company, preference shareholders would be entitled to a sum equal to the capital paid up on the preference shares, along with accrued and unpaid dividends. Additionally, they would receive a premium equal to the higher of 10% of the capital paid up on the preference shares or the excess of the average market price of such shares on the London Stock Exchange during the previous six months over the par value."}

{"content": "What was the purpose of the share repurchase program announced in October 2017?", 
"summary": "The purpose of the share repurchase program announced in October 2017 was to enable BP to buy back its own shares from the market. This action aimed to reduce the number of outstanding shares, which can result in increased earnings per share, enhanced shareholder value, and a more efficient capital structure."}{"content": "What does the balance on the share capital account represent?", 
 "summary": "The balance on the share capital account represents the aggregate nominal value of all ordinary and preference shares in issue, including treasury shares."}

{"content": "How are treasury shares treated for accounting purposes?",
 "summary": "Treasury shares represent BP shares repurchased and available for specific and limited purposes. For accounting purposes shares held in Employee Share Ownership Plans (ESOPs) and BP’s US share plan administrator to meet the future requirements of the employee share-based payment plans are treated in the same manner as treasury shares and are, therefore, included in the financial statements as treasury shares."}

{"content": "What is recorded in the foreign currency translation reserve?",
 "summary": "The foreign currency translation reserve records exchange differences arising from the translation of the financial statements of foreign operations. Upon disposal of foreign operations, the related accumulated exchange differences are reclassified to the income statement."}

{"content": "What is the purpose of the available-for-sale investments reserve?",
 "summary": "The available-for-sale investments reserve recorded the changes in fair value of investments classified as available-for-sale under IAS 39 except for impairment losses, foreign exchange gains or losses, or changes arising from revised estimates of future cash flows. On adoption of IFRS 9, the balance in this reserve was transferred to the profit and loss account reserve. Under the new standard, the group recognizes fair value gains and losses on these investments in profit or loss."}

{"content": "What is the balance on the profit and loss account reserve?",
 "summary": "The balance held on the profit and loss account reserve is the accumulated retained profits of the group."}

{"content": "What were the pre-tax amounts of each component of other comprehensive income in 2018?",
 "summary": "In 2018, the pre-tax amounts of each component of other comprehensive income were: Currency translation differences $3,771 million, Cash flow hedges $6 million, Costs of hedging $186 million, Share of items relating to equity-accounted entities net of tax $417 million, and Other $0 million."}

{"content": "How much was the net comprehensive income in 2018?",
 "summary": "The net comprehensive income in 2018 was -$1,266 million."}

{"content": "What were the pre-tax amounts of each component of other comprehensive income in 2017?",
 "summary": "In 2017, the pre-tax amounts of each component of other comprehensive income were: Currency translation differences $1,866 million, Available-for-sale investments $14 million, Cash flow hedges $425 million, Share of items relating to equity-accounted entities net of tax $564 million, and Other -$72 million."}

{"content": "What was the total comprehensive income in 2017?",
 "summary": "The total comprehensive income in 2017 was $6,515 million."}

{"content": "What were the pre-tax amounts of each component of other comprehensive income in 2016?",
 "summary": "In 2016, the pre-tax amounts of each component of other comprehensive income were: Currency translation differences $284 million, Available-for-sale investments $1 million, Cash flow hedges -$362 million, Share of items relating to equity-accounted entities net of tax $833 million, and Other -$96 million."}{"content": "Are there any contingent liabilities that could impact the group's results of operations, financial position, or liquidity?", "summary": "Tax returns contain matters that could be subject to differing interpretations of applicable tax laws and regulations, and the resolution of tax positions through negotiations or litigation can take several years. While it is difficult to predict the ultimate outcome, the group does not anticipate any material impact on its results or financial position."}

{"content": "Is BP responsible for decommissioning costs if the subsequent owner of oil and gas production facilities is unable to meet their obligations?", "summary": "In certain circumstances, if the subsequent owner cannot meet decommissioning obligations, BP could be partially or wholly responsible. However, BP is not currently aware of any such cases that have a greater than remote chance of reverting to the group."}

{"content": "What is the remuneration of directors in terms of emoluments and incentive schemes?", "summary": "In 2018, the total remuneration for all directors was $24 million, including emoluments of $8 million and amounts received under incentive schemes. The remuneration of directors and senior management in that year was $59 million, comprising short-term employee benefits, pensions, and share-based payments."}

{"content": "What is the trend in known environmental obligations and their cost for BP?", "summary": "BP is subject to numerous national and local environmental laws and regulations. While it is difficult to estimate the cost of future environmental obligations, the estimated cost of known obligations has been provided in the accounts. BP does not expect these costs to have a material impact on its results or financial position."}

{"content": "How has the remuneration of senior management and non-executive directors changed over the past three years?", "summary": "The remuneration of senior management and non-executive directors was $60 million in 2017 and $70 million in 2016. In 2018, it decreased to $59 million. The remuneration includes short-term employee benefits, pensions, and share-based payments."}

{"content": "What is the average number of employees in the upstream, downstream, and other business segments for each year?", "summary": "In 2018, the average number of employees in the upstream segment was 17,400, in the downstream segment was 42,300, and in other business segments was 14,000. These numbers varied slightly in 2017 and 2016 but remained relatively consistent."}

{"content": "Can you provide a summary of the company's tax-related matters and their potential impact?", "summary": "Tax returns may have matters subject to interpretation of tax laws and regulations. The resolution of tax positions can take years and may have a significant impact. However, the company does not anticipate any material impact on its results or financial position."}

{"content": "What actions does BP need to take to remediate the effects of prior disposal or release of chemicals or petroleum substances?", "summary": "BP may need to take future action to remediate the effects of previous disposal or release of chemicals or petroleum substances. The ultimate requirement and cost of remediation are difficult to estimate. However, the company does not anticipate a material impact on its results or financial position."}

{"content": "How does BP ensure that its auditor's remuneration is in line with industry standards and regulations?", "summary": "BP has established pre-approval policies and procedures for engaging auditors. The audit fees are considered through a competitive tender process and compared with other bidding firms. The company engages auditors for other services when their expertise and experience are important. The auditor's remuneration for 2018 was $42 million and complied with SEC regulations."}

{"content": "Can you provide more information about BP's subsidiaries and their principal activities?", "summary": "BP has various subsidiaries that are important to the group. A complete list of undertakings is available in the company's annual report. The report also provides details about the subsidiaries' principal activities and the group's percentage of ordinary share capital."}{"content": "What is the percentage owned by BP in BP Exploration (Angola)?", "summary": "BP Exploration (Angola) is 100% owned by BP p.l.c."}

{"content": "What was the net profit of BP Exploration (Alaska) Inc. in 2018?", "summary": "The net profit of BP Exploration (Alaska) Inc. in 2018 was $916 million."}

{"content": "Can you provide a list of subsidiaries of BP p.l.c. mentioned in the financial statements?", "summary": "The subsidiaries of BP p.l.c. mentioned in the financial statements include BP Corporate Holdings, BP Exploration Operating Company, BP Global Investments, BP International, BP Oil International, Burmah Castrol, BP Exploration (Angola), BP Exploration (Caspian Sea), BP Exploration (Azerbaijan), BP Holdings Canada, BP Exploration (Delta), BP Europa SE, BP Exploration (Alpha), BP Trinidad and Tobago, BP Capital Markets, BP Holdings North America, Atlantic Richfield Company, BP America, BP America Production Company, BP Company North America, BP Corporation North America, BP Exploration (Alaska), BP Products North America, and Standard Oil Company."}

{"content": "What is the principal activity of BP Europa SE?", "summary": "The principal activity of BP Europa SE is refining and marketing in Germany."}

{"content": "What was the earnings from associates of BP p.l.c. in 2018?", "summary": "The earnings from associates of BP p.l.c. in 2018 amounted to $2,856 million."}

{"content": "Can you describe the financial performance of BP p.l.c. in 2018?", "summary": "In 2018, BP p.l.c. reported a net profit of $9,578 million. The total revenues and other income amounted to $303,738 million. The company's profit before interest and taxation was $19,378 million. After considering finance costs and other expenses, the profit before taxation stood at $16,723 million. The company's comprehensive income for the year was $7,598 million."}

{"content": "What is the percentage owned by the group in BP Oil International?", "summary": "BP Oil International is 100% owned by the BP Group."}

{"content": "What were the production and manufacturing expenses of BP Exploration (Caspian Sea) in 2017?", "summary": "The production and manufacturing expenses of BP Exploration (Caspian Sea) in 2017 amounted to $23,005 million."}

{"content": "Can you provide information on the subsidiaries of BP p.l.c. in Canada?", "summary": "The subsidiary of BP p.l.c. in Canada is BP Holdings Canada."}

{"content": "What is the percentage owned by BP p.l.c. in Rosneft Oil Company?", "summary": "BP p.l.c. owns 19.75% of Rosneft Oil Company."}{"content": "What were the total earnings from joint ventures and associates in 2018?", "summary": "The earnings from joint ventures and associates in 2018 were not provided in the content."}

{"content": "What was the percentage change in exploration expenditure from 2017 to 2018?", "summary": "The exact percentage change in exploration expenditure from 2017 to 2018 is not mentioned in the content."}

{"content": "Can you provide an overview of the non-current assets in the balance sheet?", "summary": "The non-current assets in the balance sheet include property, plant and equipment, goodwill, intangible assets, investments in joint ventures and associates, and other investments. The total value of non-current assets is not provided in the content."}

{"content": "What was the net cash provided by operating activities in 2018?", "summary": "The exact amount of net cash provided by operating activities in 2018 is not mentioned in the content."}

{"content": "What was the total depreciation, depletion, and amortization expenses in 2018?", "summary": "The total depreciation, depletion, and amortization expenses in 2018 were $15,457 million."}

{"content": "How did the finance costs impact the company's financial performance in 2018?", "summary": "The finance costs had an impact on the company's financial performance in 2018, but the specific details about the impact are not provided in the content."}

{"content": "What was the total comprehensive income in 2016?", "summary": "The total comprehensive income in 2016 was $8,484 million."}

{"content": "What was the percentage change in total liabilities from 2017 to 2018?", "summary": "The exact percentage change in total liabilities from 2017 to 2018 is not mentioned in the content."}

{"content": "Can you explain the impact of currency translation differences on the company's financial statements?", "summary": "The impact of currency translation differences on the company's financial statements is not explained in detail in the content."}

{"content": "What were the total trade and other payables in 2018?", "summary": "The total trade and other payables in 2018 were not provided in the content."}{"content": "What were the dividends received from subsidiaries in the given period?", "summary": "Dividends received from subsidiaries in the given period were 3,490."}

{"content": "What was the net finance expense relating to pensions and other post-retirement benefits in the given period?", "summary": "The net finance expense relating to pensions and other post-retirement benefits in the given period was (95) million."}

{"content": "How did the cash and cash equivalents change from the beginning to the end of the year?", "summary": "The cash and cash equivalents decreased by 3,107 million from the beginning to the end of the year."}

{"content": "What was the total cash capital expenditure in the given period?", "summary": "The total cash capital expenditure in the given period was 24,815 million."}

{"content": "What was the net increase (decrease) in non-controlling interests in the given period?", "summary": "The net increase (decrease) in non-controlling interests in the given period was (515) million."}

{"content": "Can you provide a breakdown of the operating activities' profit (loss) before taxation in the given period?", "summary": "The breakdown of the operating activities' profit (loss) before taxation in the given period is as follows: BP Exploration (Alaska) Inc. - 44 million, BP p.l.c. - 168 million, Other subsidiaries - (1,645) million, Eliminations and reclassifications - (862) million, BP group - (2,295) million."}

{"content": "How much was spent on property, plant, and equipment, intangible, and other assets in the given period?", "summary": "The amount spent on property, plant, and equipment, intangible, and other assets in the given period was 16,434 million."}

{"content": "What was the increase (decrease) in other current and non-current liabilities in the given period?", "summary": "The increase (decrease) in other current and non-current liabilities in the given period was (2,577) million."}

{"content": "Could you explain the adjustments made to reconcile the profit (loss) before taxation to net cash provided by operating activities?", "summary": "The adjustments made to reconcile the profit (loss) before taxation to net cash provided by operating activities include exploration expenditure written off, depreciation, depletion and amortization, impairment and gain (loss) on sale of businesses and fixed assets, earnings from joint ventures and associates, dividends received from joint ventures and associates, interest receivable, interest received, finance costs, net finance expense relating to pensions and other post-retirement benefits, share-based payments, net operating charge for pensions and other post-retirement benefits, net charge for provisions, less payments, increase (decrease) in inventories, increase (decrease) in other current and non-current assets, increase (decrease) in other current and non-current liabilities, and income taxes paid."}

{"content": "What was the total cash and cash equivalents at the end of the year?", "summary": "The total cash and cash equivalents at the end of the year were 22,468 million."}{"content": "What is the net capitalized cost of proved properties in the Asia region?", "summary": "The net capitalized cost of proved properties in the Asia region was 3,061 million dollars."}

{"content": "How many undeveloped reserves are expected to be recovered from new wells on undrilled acreage?", "summary": "The number of undeveloped reserves expected to be recovered from new wells on undrilled acreage is unknown as the report does not provide this information."}

{"content": "What is the total amount of costs incurred for the acquisition of unproved properties?", "summary": "The total amount of costs incurred for the acquisition of unproved properties was 285 million dollars."}

{"content": "What is the average annual exploration and appraisal cost?", "summary": "The average annual exploration and appraisal cost is 1,298 million dollars."}

{"content": "What is the net capitalized cost of proved properties in the UK and rest of Europe regions combined?", "summary": "The net capitalized cost of proved properties in the UK and rest of Europe regions combined was 26,621 million dollars."}

{"content": "What is the total amount of costs incurred for development activities in the South America region?", "summary": "The total amount of costs incurred for development activities in the South America region was 4,293 million dollars."}

{"content": "Can you explain the criteria for classifying reserves as proved?", "summary": "Reserves are classified as proved based on criteria that include the area of the reservoir considered as proved, fluid contacts, evidence of economically producible oil or gas, and successful testing of improved recovery techniques."}

{"content": "How do economic conditions affect the determination of economic producibility from a reservoir?", "summary": "Economic conditions, such as prices and costs, are taken into account when determining the economic producibility from a reservoir. The average price during a 12-month period is used, unless contractual arrangements define the price."}

{"content": "Can you provide more details about BP's proved reserves and production compliance and governance processes?", "summary": "For details on BP's proved reserves and production compliance and governance processes, refer to pages 285-290 of the annual report."}

{"content": "What factors are considered when classifying undeveloped locations as having undeveloped reserves?", "summary": "Undeveloped locations can be classified as having undeveloped reserves if they are directly offsetting development spacing areas, have a development plan indicating drilling within five years, and have proven effectiveness of improved recovery techniques in the same reservoir or analogous reservoirs."}{"content": "What is the net capitalized cost of BP's properties in Africa in 2017?", "summary": "The net capitalized cost of BP's properties in Africa in 2017 was $5,712 million."}

{"content": "How much did BP spend on exploration and appraisal costs in 2017?", "summary": "BP spent $639 million on exploration and appraisal costs in 2017."}

{"content": "What were the acquisition costs for unproved properties in South America in 2017?", "summary": "The acquisition costs for unproved properties in South America in 2017 were $20 million."}

{"content": "What is the total sales and other operating revenues for BP in Asia in 2017?", "summary": "The total sales and other operating revenues for BP in Asia in 2017 amounted to $1,750 million."}

{"content": "What was the percentage change in BP's net capitalized costs from 2017 to 2018?", "summary": "The percentage change in BP's net capitalized costs from 2017 to 2018 is not provided in the given information."}

{"content": "What is the average annual production cost for BP in Europe and North America in 2017?", "summary": "The average annual production cost for BP in Europe and North America in 2017 is not provided in the given information."}

{"content": "How does the production tax expense in Russia compare to that in Africa in 2017?", "summary": "The production tax expense in Russia in 2017 was $5,712 million, while in Africa, it was $336 million, indicating a significant difference between the two regions."}

{"content": "Can you provide an overview of BP's results of operations for the year ended December 31, 2017?", "summary": "In 2017, BP's sales and other operating revenues amounted to $28,781 million. The company incurred exploration and appraisal costs of $15,081 million. The profit before taxation was $4,279 million, and after taxes, the results of operations were $3,647 million. These figures reflect the activities of BP's subsidiaries and equity-accounted entities."}

{"content": "How is BP's exploration and production business segmented geographically?", "summary": "BP's exploration and production business is segmented geographically into regions such as Europe, North America, South America, Africa, Asia, and Australasia."}

{"content": "What factors contributed to BP's profit (loss) before taxation in 2017?", "summary": "The factors contributing to BP's profit (loss) before taxation in 2017 include sales and other operating revenues, exploration and appraisal costs, production costs, production taxes, other costs (income), depreciation, depletion and amortization, and impairments and losses on sale of businesses and fixed assets."}{"content": "What were the production taxes in 2016?", "summary": "The production taxes in 2016 were $336 million."}

{"content": "How much were the net impairments and losses on sale of businesses and fixed assets in 2018?", "summary": "The net impairments and losses on sale of businesses and fixed assets in 2018 amounted to $87 million."}

{"content": "What were the accumulated depreciation costs at the end of 2016?", "summary": "The accumulated depreciation costs at the end of 2016 were $123,993 million."}

{"content": "What were the exploration and appraisal costs in 2016?", "summary": "The exploration and appraisal costs in 2016 totaled $1,402 million."}

{"content": "How much were the sales between businesses in 2016?", "summary": "The sales between businesses in 2016 amounted to $15,725 million."}

{"content": "What was the total replacement cost profit after interest and tax in 2016?", "summary": "The total replacement cost profit after interest and tax in 2016 was $1,764 million."}

{"content": "What was the net capitalized cost for the equity-accounted entities in 2016?", "summary": "The net capitalized cost for the equity-accounted entities in 2016 was $24,092 million."}

{"content": "What was the profit (loss) before taxation in 2018?", "summary": "The profit (loss) before taxation in 2018 amounted to $2,895 million."}

{"content": "How much were the exploration and production activities costs incurred for the year ended 31 December 2016?", "summary": "The exploration and production activities costs incurred for the year ended 31 December 2016 were $15,953 million."}

{"content": "What was the total replacement cost profit (loss) before interest and tax from equity-accounted entities in 2016?", "summary": "The total replacement cost profit (loss) before interest and tax from equity-accounted entities in 2016 was $1,317 million."}{"content": "What is the total replacement cost profit (loss) after interest and tax in 2021?", 
"summary": "The total replacement cost profit (loss) after interest and tax in 2021 was $266 million, according to the data provided."}

{"content": "What are the amounts reported for Russia in the table, and what do they include?", 
"summary": "The amounts reported for Russia in the table include BP's share of Rosneft's worldwide activities, including insignificant amounts outside Russia. The amounts reported also include certain adjustments, mainly related to purchase price allocations for 2016 acquisitions."}

{"content": "Are costs of decommissioning included in capitalized costs at the end of the year?", 
"summary": "Yes, costs of decommissioning are included in capitalized costs at the end of the year, as stated in the data."}

{"content": "What were the movements in estimated net proved reserves of crude oil in 2018?", 
"summary": "The movements in estimated net proved reserves of crude oil in 2018 included revisions of previous estimates, improved recovery, purchases of reserves-in-place, discoveries and extensions, production, and sales of reserves-in-place, as detailed in the data provided."}

{"content": "How did the production of natural gas liquids change in 2018?", 
"summary": "The production of natural gas liquids in 2018 experienced a decrease of 34 million barrels, according to the data given."}

{"content": "What are the total liquids reserves for Europe at the end of the year?", 
"summary": "The total liquids reserves for Europe at the end of the year amounted to 480 million barrels, as stated in the provided data."}

{"content": "Can you explain the changes attributable to revisions of previous estimates in the net proved reserves?", 
"summary": "The changes attributable to revisions of previous estimates in the net proved reserves included an increase of 200 million barrels of crude oil and 17 million barrels of natural gas liquids, according to the data."}

{"content": "What are the main factors contributing to the improved recovery of reserves?", 
"summary": "The main factors contributing to the improved recovery of reserves were not specified in the provided data. Further information or clarification is required."}

{"content": "Can you provide more information about purchases of reserves-in-place in 2018?", 
"summary": "In 2018, purchases of reserves-in-place amounted to 758 million barrels, as stated in the given data. However, the specifics of these purchases, such as the location and nature of the reserves, were not provided."}

{"content": "How would you describe the overall trend in total liquids reserves in the different regions?", 
"summary": "The overall trend in total liquids reserves in the different regions showed increases in certain areas, such as Europe, North America, and Asia, as well as decreases in other regions, as evidenced by the data provided. However, a more comprehensive analysis would be necessary to fully understand the trend."}{"content": "What is the total developed proven reserves of crude oil in 2017?", "summary": "The total developed proven reserves of crude oil in 2017 were 245 million barrels."}

{"content": "What is the percentage change in undeveloped proven reserves of natural gas from January to December?", "summary": "The percentage change in undeveloped proven reserves of natural gas from January to December is not provided in the given content."}

{"content": "Can you provide an overview of the changes in estimated net proved reserves for BP in 2018?", "summary": "In 2018, the estimated net proved reserves for BP showed changes in both developed and undeveloped reserves for crude oil and natural gas across various regions. The total developed proven reserves for crude oil increased from 932 million barrels at the beginning of the year to 1,040 million barrels at the end of the year. Similarly, the total undeveloped proven reserves for crude oil increased from 492 million barrels to 642 million barrels. However, specific information on the changes in estimated net proved reserves for natural gas is not available in the given content."}

{"content": "How many barrels of oil equivalent are the total hydrocarbons in Africa in 2018?", "summary": "The total hydrocarbons in Africa in 2018 amounted to 944 million barrels of oil equivalent."}

{"content": "What is the growth rate of undeveloped proven reserves in Europe from 2017 to 2018?", "summary": "The growth rate of undeveloped proven reserves in Europe from 2017 to 2018 is not provided in the given content."}

{"content": "How does the total proved gas reserves held as part of BP's equity interest in Rosneft compare to other regions in 2018?", "summary": "In 2018, the total proved gas reserves held as part of BP's equity interest in Rosneft were 8,163 million cubic feet, which is significantly higher than the reserves in other regions. Specifically, it includes less than 1 million cubic feet in Canada, 62 million cubic feet in Venezuela, 3 million cubic feet in Vietnam, and 8,063 million cubic feet in Russia."}

{"content": "What is the total developed proven reserves of natural gas in South America in 2018?", "summary": "The total developed proven reserves of natural gas in South America in 2018 were 54 million barrels."}

{"content": "What is the change in proved reserves of crude oil in Russia from January to December?", "summary": "The change in proved reserves of crude oil in Russia from January to December is not provided in the given content."}

{"content": "Can you describe the movements in estimated net proved reserves for BP subsidiaries in 2018?", "summary": "In 2018, the estimated net proved reserves for BP subsidiaries showed movements in both developed and undeveloped reserves for crude oil and natural gas across different regions. The detailed breakdown of these movements, including revisions of previous estimates, improved recovery, purchases of reserves-in-place, discoveries and extensions, production, and sales of reserves-in-place, is not available in the given content."}

{"content": "How many billion cubic feet of natural gas were consumed in operations in 2018?", "summary": "In 2018, a total of 181 billion cubic feet of natural gas were consumed in operations, including 139 billion cubic feet in subsidiaries and 42 billion cubic feet in equity-accounted entities."}1. Q: How many barrels of proved crude oil reserves does BP hold in Russia?
   A: BP holds approximately 5,342 million barrels of proved crude oil reserves in Russia.

2. Q: What was the net change in natural gas reserves attributable to revisions of previous estimates in 2017?
   A: In 2017, the net change in natural gas reserves attributable to revisions of previous estimates was a decrease of approximately 983 billion cubic feet.

3. Q: Can you provide an overview of BP's total proved liquid reserves in 2017?
   A: In 2017, BP's total proved liquid reserves amounted to approximately 15,266 million barrels. These reserves included crude oil, condensate, and natural gas liquids across various regions.

4. Q: What is the year-end undeveloped reserves volume of natural gas liquids in North America?
   A: The year-end undeveloped reserves volume of natural gas liquids in North America is approximately 1,505 million barrels.

5. Q: What was the net change in total liquids reserves attributable to purchases of reserves-in-place in 2017?
   A: In 2017, the net change in total liquids reserves attributable to purchases of reserves-in-place was an increase of approximately 552 million barrels.

6. Q: How have BP's developed crude oil reserves changed from the beginning to the end of the year?
   A: From the beginning to the end of the year, BP's developed crude oil reserves increased from approximately 2,753 million barrels to 2,808 million barrels.

7. Q: What is the total volume of natural gas reserves in Asia at the start of the year?
   A: At the start of the year, the total volume of natural gas reserves in Asia was approximately 6,755 billion cubic feet.

8. Q: What was the net change in proved reserves of natural gas in Europe in 2017?
   A: In 2017, the net change in proved reserves of natural gas in Europe was a decrease of approximately 562 billion cubic feet.

9. Q: Can you provide an overview of the changes in BP's proved reserves of natural gas in South America?
   A: The changes in BP's proved reserves of natural gas in South America included a net decrease of approximately 420 billion cubic feet in 2017. 

10. Q: How many barrels of natural gas liquids were produced by BP in 2017?
    A: BP produced approximately 1,342 million barrels of natural gas liquids in 2017.1. Q: What is the total proved gas reserves in Russia?
   A: The total proved gas reserves in Russia as of the end of the year are 13,237 billion cubic feet.

2. Q: How many barrels of oil equivalent were produced in 2016?
   A: In 2016, a total of 3,778 million barrels of oil equivalent were produced.

3. Q: What was the percentage increase in developed crude oil reserves from January to December?
   A: The developed crude oil reserves saw a percentage increase of approximately 15% from January to December.

4. Q: How many billion cubic feet of natural gas were consumed in operations in subsidiaries?
   A: In operations in subsidiaries, a total of 131 billion cubic feet of natural gas were consumed.

5. Q: What was the net change in proved reserves attributable to revised estimates in 2017?
   A: The net change in proved reserves attributable to revised estimates in 2017 was 1,316 million barrels of oil equivalent.

6. Q: What is the total proved reserves in South America?
   A: The total proved reserves in South America amount to 8,323 million barrels of oil equivalent.

7. Q: How many million barrels of oil equivalent were purchased as reserves-in-place in 2018?
   A: In 2018, a total of 552 million barrels of oil equivalent were purchased as reserves-in-place.

8. Q: What was the net change in discovered and extended reserves in 2018?
   A: The net change in discovered and extended reserves in 2018 was 1,403 million barrels of oil equivalent.

9. Q: How many barrels of oil equivalent were produced in Africa in 2016?
   A: In Africa, a total of 361 million barrels of oil equivalent were produced in 2016.

10. Q: What was the percentage change in undeveloped gas reserves from January to December?
    A: The percentage change in undeveloped gas reserves from January to December was approximately 55%.1. Q: What is the total estimated net proved reserves of BP subsidiaries and equity-accounted entities in December?
   A: In December, the total estimated net proved reserves of BP subsidiaries and equity-accounted entities amounted to 43,368 billion cubic feet of natural gas and 21,015 million barrels of liquid reserves.

2. Q: What is the percentage change in natural gas reserves from January to December for BP subsidiaries and equity-accounted entities?
   A: The percentage change in natural gas reserves from January to December for BP subsidiaries and equity-accounted entities was a decrease of 8.8%. The reserves decreased from 8,835 billion cubic feet to 8,014 billion cubic feet during that period.

3. Q: Can you provide information about the growth rate of BP's crude oil production in Europe in 2016?
   A: In 2016, BP's crude oil production in Europe experienced a growth rate of 26.6%. The production increased from 5,447 million barrels to 6,863 million barrels during that year.

4. Q: How many barrels of natural gas liquids were held as part of BP's equity interest in Rosneft in 2016?
   A: In 2016, BP's equity interest in Rosneft held a total of 65 million barrels of natural gas liquids. This includes 65 million barrels in Russia, less than 1 million barrels in Venezuela, Vietnam, and Canada.

5. Q: What is the percentage change in proved liquid reserves in Africa from January to December for BP subsidiaries and equity-accounted entities?
   A: The percentage change in proved liquid reserves in Africa from January to December for BP subsidiaries and equity-accounted entities was an increase of 10%. The reserves increased from 699 million barrels to 769 million barrels during that time period.

6. Q: Could you explain the movements in estimated net proved reserves for BP subsidiaries and equity-accounted entities?
   A: The movements in estimated net proved reserves for BP subsidiaries and equity-accounted entities can be attributed to various factors. These include revisions of previous estimates, improved recovery techniques, purchases of reserves-in-place, discoveries and extensions, production, and sales of reserves-in-place. These factors influence the overall changes in reserves throughout the year.

7. Q: What were the undeveloped natural gas reserves in South America for BP subsidiaries at the end of December?
   A: At the end of December, the undeveloped natural gas reserves in South America for BP subsidiaries amounted to 1,643 billion cubic feet.

8. Q: What is the growth rate of BP's proved reserves in Asia from January to December?
   A: The growth rate of BP's proved reserves in Asia from January to December was 18.8%. The reserves increased from 3,012 million barrels to 3,772 million barrels during that time period.

9. Q: Can you give an overview of the changes in estimated net proved reserves in Europe for BP subsidiaries and equity-accounted entities?
   A: In Europe, the estimated net proved reserves for BP subsidiaries and equity-accounted entities experienced changes throughout the year. These changes involved revisions of previous estimates, improved recovery techniques, purchases of reserves-in-place, discoveries and extensions, production, and sales of reserves-in-place, resulting in a total reserve increase from 13,398 million barrels to 13,634 million barrels.

10. Q: What is the total estimated net proved reserves of natural gas for BP subsidiaries and equity-accounted entities in December?
    A: In December, the total estimated net proved reserves of natural gas for BP subsidiaries and equity-accounted entities amounted to 8,014 billion cubic feet.{"content": "What is the total future cash inflow for BP subsidiaries in 2018?", "summary": "The total future cash inflow for BP subsidiaries in 2018 was $429.2 billion."}

{"content": "How much did BP spend on future development costs for oil and gas production in Europe in 2018?", "summary": "BP spent $45.3 billion on future development costs for oil and gas production in Europe in 2018."}

{"content": "What were the total future production costs for BP's subsidiaries in South America in 2018?", "summary": "The total future production costs for BP's subsidiaries in South America in 2018 were $155.1 billion."}

{"content": "How much natural gas did BP consume in its operations in 2018?", "summary": "BP consumed 176 billion cubic feet of natural gas in its operations in 2018."}

{"content": "What was the total sales and transfers of oil and gas produced for BP subsidiaries in the same year?", "summary": "The total sales and transfers of oil and gas produced for BP subsidiaries in 2018 were estimated to be -$26.8 billion."}

{"content": "What was the percentage change in future net cash flows for BP's equity-accounted entities in 2018?", "summary": "The percentage change in future net cash flows for BP's equity-accounted entities in 2018 was 10,100 million."}

{"content": "How did the net changes in prices and production costs affect the standardized measure for discounted future net cash flows?", "summary": "The net changes in prices and production costs resulted in a total change of $56.8 billion in the standardized measure for discounted future net cash flows."}

{"content": "What was the impact of revisions of previous reserves estimates on the standardized measure of discounted future net cash flows?", "summary": "The impact of revisions of previous reserves estimates on the standardized measure of discounted future net cash flows was a decrease of $2.1 billion."}

{"content": "What was the total change in the standardized measure of discounted future net cash flows for BP subsidiaries and equity-accounted entities in 2018?", "summary": "The total change in the standardized measure of discounted future net cash flows for BP subsidiaries and equity-accounted entities in 2018 was $41.3 billion."}

{"content": "What was the net change in taxation for BP's subsidiaries and equity-accounted entities in the same year?", "summary": "The net change in taxation for BP's subsidiaries and equity-accounted entities in 2018 was -$24.6 billion."}{"content": "What was the crude oil production in Europe in 2018?", "summary": "The crude oil production in Europe in 2018 was 101 thousand barrels per day."}

{"content": "How much natural gas was produced in Asia in 2017?", "summary": "In 2017, the natural gas production in Asia was 2,136 million cubic feet per day."}

{"content": "What was the total natural gas production in 2016?", "summary": "The total natural gas production in 2016 was 5,889 million cubic feet per day."}

{"content": "What was the change in the standardized measure of discounted future net cash flows in 2018?", "summary": "The change in the standardized measure of discounted future net cash flows in 2018 was 33,000."}

{"content": "What were the principal sources of change in the standardized measure of discounted future net cash flows in 2016?", "summary": "The principal sources of change in the standardized measure of discounted future net cash flows in 2016 were sales and transfers of oil and gas produced, net of production costs, development costs for the current year, net changes in prices and production cost, and revisions of previous reserves estimates."}

{"content": "How much did non-controlling interests in Rosneft amount to in Russia in 2018?", "summary": "Non-controlling interests in Rosneft amounted to $2,500 million in Russia in 2018."}

{"content": "What are the factors affecting the standardized measure of discounted future net cash flows?", "summary": "The factors affecting the standardized measure of discounted future net cash flows include sales and transfers of oil and gas produced, development costs, extensions, discoveries and improved recovery, net changes in prices and production cost, revisions of previous reserves estimates, net change in taxation, future development costs, net change in purchase and sales of reserves-in-place, and the addition of a 10% annual discount."}

{"content": "Can you provide an overview of the production and drilling stats for BP in the past three years?", "summary": "BP's crude oil, natural gas liquids, and natural gas production for the past three years are as follows: In 2018, crude oil production was 1,051 thousand barrels per day, natural gas liquids production was 88 thousand barrels per day, and natural gas production was 6,900 million cubic feet per day. In 2017, crude oil production was 1,064 thousand barrels per day, natural gas liquids production was 85 thousand barrels per day, and natural gas production was 5,889 million cubic feet per day. In 2016, crude oil production was 943 thousand barrels per day, natural gas liquids production was 82 thousand barrels per day, and natural gas production was 5,302 million cubic feet per day."}

{"content": "What are the marker prices used for valuation purposes?", "summary": "The marker prices used for valuation purposes were Brent $54.36/barrel for crude oil and Henry Hub $2.96/mmBtu for natural gas."}

{"content": "How are future net cash flows from oil and gas production discounted?", "summary": "Future net cash flows from oil and gas production are discounted at a rate of 10% annually, regardless of the group assessment of the risk associated with its producing activities."}{"content": "What are the total investments in BP p.l.c. as of December 31, 2018?", "summary": "The total investments in BP p.l.c. as of December 31, 2018, amounted to $166,271 million."}

{"content": "What was the change in the defined benefit pension plan surpluses from 2017 to 2018?", "summary": "The defined benefit pension plan surpluses increased from $3,838 million in 2017 to $5,473 million in 2018, reflecting a positive change of $1,635 million."}

{"content": "Can you provide information about the current liabilities of BP p.l.c. as of December 31, 2018?", "summary": "The current liabilities of BP p.l.c. as of December 31, 2018, amounted to $14,665 million."}

{"content": "How much cash and cash equivalents does BP p.l.c. have as of December 31, 2018?", "summary": "BP p.l.c. had cash and cash equivalents of $10 million as of December 31, 2018."}

{"content": "What was the total comprehensive income of BP p.l.c. in 2018?", "summary": "The total comprehensive income of BP p.l.c. in 2018 was $2,813 million."}

{"content": "Can you explain the significant accounting policies, judgements, estimates, and assumptions used by BP p.l.c.?", "summary": "BP p.l.c. follows Financial Reporting Standard 100 'Application of Financial Reporting Requirements' (FRS 100) and Financial Reporting Standard 101 'Reduced Disclosure Framework' (FRS 101). The company's significant accounting policies, judgements, estimates, and assumptions are disclosed in their financial statements."}

{"content": "What is the total gross and net developed oil and natural gas acreage of BP p.l.c. as of December 31, 2018?", "summary": "As of December 31, 2018, BP p.l.c. had a total gross developed oil and natural gas acreage of 16,966 thousand acres and a total net developed acreage of 6,120 thousand acres."}

{"content": "How many net productive and dry exploratory and development oil and natural gas wells were completed or abandoned in 2018?", "summary": "In 2018, BP p.l.c. completed or abandoned a total of 460.1 net productive and dry exploratory and development oil and natural gas wells."}

{"content": "Could you provide an overview of the changes in the share capital and reserves of BP p.l.c. in 2018?", "summary": "In 2018, BP p.l.c. saw an increase in share capital from $5,343 million to $5,402 million, and an increase in reserves from $129,475 million to $125,952 million."}

{"content": "What is the total net assets of BP p.l.c. as of December 31, 2018?", "summary": "The total net assets of BP p.l.c. as of December 31, 2018, amounted to $125,952 million."}{"content": "What is the basis of preparation for BP p.l.c.'s financial statements?", "summary": "The financial statements have been prepared on a going concern basis and in accordance with the Companies Act 2006 and applicable UK accounting standards. The financial statements have been prepared under the historical cost convention."}

{"content": "What is the projected unit credit method used for in BP p.l.c.'s defined benefit pension plans?", "summary": "The projected unit credit method is used to determine the cost of providing benefits under BP p.l.c.'s defined benefit plans. It attributes entitlement to benefits to the current period to determine current service cost and to the current and prior periods to determine the present value of the defined benefit obligation."}

{"content": "Can you explain the significance of management's judgments, estimates, and assumptions in BP p.l.c.'s financial statements?", "summary": "In BP p.l.c.'s financial statements, management needs to make judgments, estimates, and assumptions that can affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities, the disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities, and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses. These accounting judgments and estimates are set out in the financial statements and can have a significant impact on the company's results."}

{"content": "What exemptions has BP p.l.c. taken advantage of under FRS 101?", "summary": "BP p.l.c. has taken advantage of disclosure exemptions available under FRS 101. These exemptions include requirements in IFRS 7, IAS 1, IAS 7, IAS 8, IAS 24, and IFRS 15. Equivalent disclosures are given in the consolidated financial statements of BP p.l.c."}

{"content": "How are foreign currency transactions initially recorded in BP p.l.c.'s financial statements?", "summary": "Foreign currency transactions in BP p.l.c.'s financial statements are initially recorded in the functional currency by applying the spot exchange rate on the date of the transaction. Monetary assets and liabilities denominated in foreign currencies are retranslated into the functional currency at the spot exchange rate on the balance sheet date. Any resulting exchange differences are included in the income statement."}

{"content": "How does BP p.l.c. assess and account for impairments of its investments?", "summary": "BP p.l.c. assesses investments for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount may not be recoverable. If any impairment exists, the company estimates the recoverable amount and writes down the investment to its recoverable amount. Reversals of impairments are made when the circumstances have changed. These accounting policies are used to account for impairments of investments."}

{"content": "What disclosure exemptions has BP p.l.c. used in relation to IFRS 7, IAS 1, IAS 7, and IAS 8?", "summary": "BP p.l.c. has used disclosure exemptions in relation to requirements of IFRS 7, IAS 1, IAS 7, and IAS 8. These exemptions allow the company to not disclose certain information specified in these standards. Equivalent disclosures are provided in the consolidated financial statements of BP p.l.c."}

{"content": "How are equity-settled share-based payment transactions valued in BP p.l.c.'s financial statements?", "summary": "Equity-settled share-based payment transactions in BP p.l.c.'s financial statements are valued by referencing the fair value of the equity instruments on the date of grant. The cost is recognized as an expense over the vesting period, and a corresponding credit is recognized within equity. Non-vesting conditions are taken into account in the grant-date fair value."}

{"content": "Can you explain the impact of remeasurements on the defined benefit liability and asset in BP p.l.c.'s pension plans?", "summary": "Remeasurements of the defined benefit liability and asset in BP p.l.c.'s pension plans, including actuarial gains and losses and the return on plan assets, are recognized within other comprehensive income in the period in which they occur and are not subsequently reclassified to profit and loss. These remeasurements can have an impact on the company's defined benefit liability and asset."}

{"content": "What is the recognition and measurement approach for cash-settled share-based payment transactions in BP p.l.c.'s financial statements?", "summary": "Cash-settled share-based payment transactions in BP p.l.c.'s financial statements are recognized as an expense over the vesting period, measured by reference to the fair value of the corresponding liability. The liability is remeasured at fair value at each balance sheet date until settlement, with changes in fair value recognized in the income statement."}{"content": "What are the significant estimates involved in accounting for defined benefit pensions?", 
 "summary": "The significant estimates involved in accounting for defined benefit pensions include assumptions about the discount rate, inflation rate, salary growth, and mortality levels. These estimates are used to determine the projected benefit obligation, surpluses and deficits recorded on the balance sheet, and pension expense for the following year."}

{"content": "What is the impact of changes in assumptions on the benefit expense and obligation of the company's pension obligations?", 
 "summary": "Changes in assumptions, such as the discount rate and inflation rate, can have a material impact on the benefit expense and obligation of the company's pension obligations. These changes can result in significant adjustments to the carrying amounts of the pension obligations and affect future net income and net assets."}

{"content": "How are income tax expenses recognized in the company's financial statements?", 
 "summary": "Income tax expenses are recognized in the income statement, except for items recognized in other comprehensive income or directly in equity. Current tax is based on the taxable profit for the period, taking into account tax rates and laws enacted by the balance sheet date. Deferred tax is provided on temporary differences between the tax bases and carrying amounts of assets and liabilities."}

{"content": "How are financial assets classified and measured in the company's financial statements?", 
 "summary": "Financial assets are classified and measured based on their initial recognition. They are recognized initially at fair value, and subsequent measurement depends on their classification. Financial assets measured at amortized cost, such as trade and other receivables, are carried at amortized cost using the effective interest method. Cash equivalents are classified as financial assets measured at amortized cost."}

{"content": "What is the carrying value of the investment in BP International Limited at the end of 2018?", 
 "summary": "The carrying value of the investment in BP International Limited at the end of 2018 was $76,152 million."}

{"content": "Can you provide a list of the more important subsidiaries of the company at the end of 2018?", 
 "summary": "The more important subsidiaries of the company at the end of 2018 include BP Global Investments, BP International, Burmah Castrol, BP Holdings Canada, and BP Holdings North America. These subsidiaries engage in various activities, such as investment holding and integrated oil operations."}

{"content": "What are the financial liabilities classified as in the company's financial statements?", 
 "summary": "All financial liabilities held by the company are classified as financial liabilities measured at amortized cost. This category includes other payables, accruals, and most items of finance debt."}

{"content": "What is the total amount of receivables from subsidiaries at the end of 2018?", 
 "summary": "The total amount of receivables from subsidiaries at the end of 2018 was $151 million, consisting of $148 million in current receivables and $2,600 million in non-current receivables. The non-current receivables include a promissory note issued by BP (Abu Dhabi) Limited in 2016."}

{"content": "How did the adoption of IFRS 9 and IFRS 15 impact the company's financial statements?", 
 "summary": "The adoption of IFRS 9 'Financial Instruments' and IFRS 15 'Revenue from Contracts with Customers' had no significant impact on the company's financial statements. These new accounting standards were implemented with the appropriate transition provisions, and there were no material adjustments reported in opening retained earnings."}

{"content": "What are the current and non-current amounts receivable from subsidiaries at the end of 2018?", 
 "summary": "At the end of 2018, the company had $151 million in receivables from subsidiaries, consisting of $148 million in current receivables and $2,600 million in non-current receivables. These amounts represent the outstanding balances owed to the company by its subsidiaries."}{"content": "How much were the amounts receivable from subsidiaries in 2017?", 
"summary": "In 2017, the amounts receivable from subsidiaries totaled $289 million for current receivables and $2.623 billion for non-current receivables."}

{"content": "What is the funding agreement between the company and the trustee for the primary UK pension plan?", 
"summary": "For the primary UK pension plan, there is a funding agreement between the company and the trustee. On an annual basis, the funding position is reviewed and a schedule of contributions is agreed covering the next five years, with a total amount of $1.275 billion for future service."}

{"content": "What is the total equity allocation for the primary plan?", 
"summary": "The total equity allocation for the primary plan is 30% of the assets, which includes private equity investments."}

{"content": "What was the fair value of pension plan assets in 2018?", 
"summary": "The fair value of pension plan assets in 2018 was $32.085 billion, including listed equities, private equity, government-issued bonds, corporate bonds, property, cash, and other investments."}

{"content": "Where are the fair values of property holdings located?", 
"summary": "The fair values of property holdings are all located in the United Kingdom and are valued based on an analysis of recent market transactions supported by market knowledge derived from third-party valuers."}

{"content": "What was the aggregate level of contributions to funded defined benefit plans in 2018?", 
"summary": "In 2018, the aggregate level of contributions to funded defined benefit plans was $490 million, which is the amount needed to provide adequate funds to meet pension obligations as they fall due."}

{"content": "What are the financial assumptions used to determine benefit obligation?", 
"summary": "The financial assumptions used to determine benefit obligations include discount rates, rates of increase in salaries, rates of increase for pensions in payment, and inflation rates."}

{"content": "How much did the primary UK plan switch from equities to bonds in 2018?", 
"summary": "In 2018, the primary UK plan switched 12.5% of its assets from equities to bonds."}

{"content": "What is the interest income on plan assets for 2017?", 
"summary": "The interest income on plan assets for 2017 was -$868 million, which represents the net interest earned on the pension plan assets."}

{"content": "What were the experience gains and losses arising on the plan liabilities in 2018?", 
"summary": "In 2018, there were experience gains and losses amounting to $520 million arising on the plan liabilities, which reflects the difference between the actual outcomes and the expected outcomes used in the actuarial calculations."}{"content": "What is the net profit of the company in 2021?", 
 "summary": "The net profit of the company in 2021 was not provided in the given content. Could you please provide more information or refer to the company's financial statements to obtain the exact figure?"}

{"content": "What is the growth rate of greenhouse gas emissions of the company in 2021?", 
 "summary": "The growth rate of greenhouse gas emissions of the company in 2021 was not provided in the given content. To obtain this information, you may refer to the environmental reports or sustainability disclosures provided by the company."}

{"content": "Can you explain the cost management of the fund's investments in the company?", 
 "summary": "The given content does not provide specific details about the cost management of the fund's investments in the company. It would be helpful to provide more information or refer to the fund's investment reports or statements to understand the cost management strategy in relation to the company's investments."}

{"content": "What is the benefit obligation of the company's defined benefit plans at the end of 2018?", 
 "summary": "At the end of 2018, the benefit obligation for the company's defined benefit plans amounted to $26,796 million. This includes the accumulated liabilities for pensions and other post-employment benefits."}

{"content": "What is the weighted average duration of the company's defined benefit obligations at the end of 2018?", 
 "summary": "The weighted average duration of the company's defined benefit obligations at the end of 2018 was 17.8 years. This duration represents the average length of time until the benefit payments are expected to be paid out."}

{"content": "How are the expected future benefit payments estimated for the company's defined benefit plans?", 
 "summary": "The given content does not provide specific information on how the expected future benefit payments are estimated for the company's defined benefit plans. It would be helpful to refer to the actuarial reports or pension plan documents to understand the methodology used for estimating these payments."}

{"content": "What were the payables to subsidiaries in 2018?", 
 "summary": "In 2018, the payables to subsidiaries amounted to $14,665 million. This includes both current and non-current payables to subsidiaries."}

{"content": "What is the maturity profile of the financial liabilities included in the balance sheet at the end of 2018?", 
 "summary": "The maturity profile of the financial liabilities included in the balance sheet at the end of 2018 is as follows: Within 1 to 2 years: $40 million, 2 to 5 years: $31,520 million, More than 5 years: $240 million."}

{"content": "Can you provide more information about the tax charge included in total comprehensive income in 2018?", 
 "summary": "The tax charge included in total comprehensive income in 2018 was not provided in the given content. To obtain more information about the tax charge, it would be necessary to refer to the company's financial statements or tax disclosures for that year."}

{"content": "Could you explain the structure of the company's share capital at the end of 2018?", 
 "summary": "The structure of the company's share capital at the end of 2018 consisted of: 8% cumulative first preference shares of £1 each: 7,233 thousand shares, 9% cumulative second preference shares of £1 each: 5,473 thousand shares, Ordinary shares of 25 cents each: 21,525,464 shares. It would be beneficial to refer to the company's annual report or share capital section of the financial statements for a more detailed understanding of the share capital structure."}{"content": "During 2018 the company repurchased 50 million  ordinary shares at a cost of $355 million , including transaction costs of $2 million , as part of the share repurchase programme announced on 31 October 2017 . All shares purchased were for cancellation. The repurchased shares represented 0.2%  of ordinary share capital.", "summary": "In 2018, the company repurchased 50 million ordinary shares for cancellation as part of the share repurchase program. The total cost of the repurchases, including transaction costs, was $355 million. These repurchased shares represented 0.2% of the ordinary share capital."}

1. Q: How many ordinary shares did the company repurchase in 2018?
   A: The company repurchased 50 million ordinary shares in 2018 as part of the share repurchase program.

2. Q: What was the percentage of ordinary share capital represented by the repurchased shares in 2018?
   A: The repurchased shares in 2018 represented 0.2% of the ordinary share capital.

{"content": "T reasury sharesa\n2018 2017\nShares\nthousandNominal value\n$ millionShares\nthousandNominal value\n$ million\nAt 1 January 1,482,072 370 1,614,657 403\nPurchases for settlement of employee share plans 757 — 4,423 1\nIssue of new shares for employee share-based payment plans 92,168 23 — —\nShares re-issued for employee share-based payment plans (148,732 ) (37) (137,008 ) (34)\nAt 31 December 1,426,265 356 1,482,072 370\nOf which - shares held in treasury by BP 1,264,732 316 1,472,343 368\n   - shares held in ESOP trusts 161,518 40 9,705 2\n- shares held by BP’s US plan administratorb15 — 24 —\na See Note 8 for definition of treasury shares.\nb Held by the company in the form of ADSs to meet the requirements of employee share-based payment plans in the US.", "summary": "As of December 31, 2018, the company held a total of 1,426,265 treasury shares, including shares held by BP and ESOP trusts. These treasury shares had a nominal value of $356 million. Additionally, the company held shares in the form of American Depositary Shares (ADSs) to meet the requirements of employee share-based payment plans in the US."}

3. Q: Can you explain the purpose of treasury shares and how they are treated in the financial statements?
   A: Treasury shares are shares that a company repurchases and holds in its own treasury. They serve various purposes, such as mitigating dilution from stock options or employee share-based payment plans. In the financial statements, treasury shares are treated as a reduction in shareholders' equity and are included as a separate line item, reflecting the number of shares and their nominal value.

{"content": "The company has issued guarantees under which the maximum aggregate liabilities at 31 December 2018 were $77,965 million (2017 $75,824 million), the majority of which relate to finance debt of subsidiaries. Also included are guarantees of subsidiaries' liabilities under the Consent Decree between the United States, the Gulf states and BP and under the settlement agreement with the Gulf states in relation to the Gulf of Mexico oil spill. The company has also issued uncapped indemnities and guarantees, including a guarantee of subsidiaries’ liabilities under the Plaintiffs’ Steering Committee agreement relating to the Gulf of Mexico oil spill. Uncapped indemnities and guarantees are also issued in relation to potential losses arising from environmental incidents involving ships leased and operated by a subsidiary.", "summary": "As of December 31, 2018, the company has issued guarantees for various purposes, including finance debt of subsidiaries and liabilities related to the Gulf of Mexico oil spill. The maximum aggregate liabilities under these guarantees amounted to $77,965 million. The guarantees also include uncapped indemnities for potential losses arising from environmental incidents involving ships leased and operated by a subsidiary."}

4. Q: What is the maximum aggregate liabilities under the guarantees issued by the company in 2018?
   A: The maximum aggregate liabilities under the guarantees issued by the company in 2018 amounted to $77,965 million.

{"content": "10. Share-based payments\nEffect of share-based payment transactions on the company’s result and financial position\n$ million\n2018 2017\nTotal expense recognized for equity-settled share-based payment transactions 429 397\nTotal (credit) expense recognized for cash-settled share-based payment transactions (9) 9\nTotal expense recognized for share-based payment transactions 420 406\nClosing balance of liability for cash-settled share-based payment transactions 27 54\nTotal intrinsic value for vested cash-settled share-based payments 23 58\nAdditional information on the company’s share-based payment plans is provided in Note 11 to the consolidated financial statements.", "summary": "In 2018, the total expense recognized for equity-settled share-based payment transactions was $429 million. Additionally, there was a total expense recognized for cash-settled share-based payment transactions in the amount of ($9) million. The total expense recognized for all share-based payment transactions in 2018 was $420 million. The closing balance of the liability for cash-settled share-based payment transactions was $27 million, and the total intrinsic value for vested cash-settled share-based payments was $23 million."}

5. Q: How much was the total expense recognized for share-based payment transactions in 2017?
   A: The total expense recognized for share-based payment transactions in 2017 was $406 million.

{"content": "13. Employee costs and numbers\n$ million\nEmployee costs 2018 2017\nWages and salaries 491 496\nSocial security costs 74 74\nPension costs 80 92\n645 662\nAverage number of employees 2018 2017\nUpstream 269 262\nDownstream 1,151 1,125\nOther businesses and corporate 2,344 2,384\n3,764 3,771", "summary": "In 2018, the company's total employee costs, including wages and salaries, social security costs, and pension costs, amounted to $645 million. The average number of employees in the Upstream division was 269, in the Downstream division was 1,151, and in other businesses and corporate was 2,344, resulting in a total average number of employees of 3,764."}

6. Q: Could you provide more information on the company's share-based payment plans?
   A: The company's share-based payment plans are detailed in Note 11 of the consolidated financial statements.

{"content": "12. Directors’ remuneration\n$ million\nRemuneration of directors 2018 2017\nTotal for all directors\nEmoluments 8 9\nAmounts awarded under incentive schemesa 16 9\nTotal 24 18\na Excludes amounts relating to past directors.", "summary": "In 2018, the total remuneration of directors was $24 million. This includes emoluments of $8 million and amounts awarded under incentive schemes of $16 million. The amounts relating to past directors are excluded from these figures."}

7. Q: What was the total remuneration of directors in 2018?
   A: The total remuneration of directors in 2018 was $24 million.

{"content": "For each year presented, the balance at 1 January represents the maximum number of shares held in treasury by BP during the year, representing 6.9% (2017 7.5%) of the called-up ordinary share capital of the company. During 2018, the movement in shares held in treasury by BP represented less than 1.0% (2017 less than 0.5%) of the ordinary share capital of the company.", "summary": "As of January 1st, for each year considered, BP held the maximum number of treasury shares, representing 6.9% (2017: 7.5%) of the company's called-up ordinary share capital. In 2018, the movement in shares held in treasury by BP accounted for less than 1.0% (2017: less than 0.5%) of the ordinary share capital."}

8. Q: What were the average number of employees in the Upstream division in 2018?
   A: The average number of employees in the Upstream division in 2018 was 269.

{"content": "The balance on the share capital account represents the aggregate nominal value of all ordinary and preference shares in issue, including treasury shares.", "summary": "The balance on the share capital account represents the total nominal value of all ordinary and preference shares in issue, including treasury shares."}

9. Q: Can you explain the impact of share-based payment transactions on the company's result and financial position?
   A: Share-based payment transactions have an impact on the company's result and financial position through the recognition of expenses related to equity-settled and cash-settled share-based payment transactions. The total expense recognized for these transactions affects the company's results, while the liability for cash-settled share-based payment transactions and the intrinsic value for vested cash-settled share-based payments impact the financial position.

{"content": "In accordance with Section 409 of the Companies Act 2006, a full list of related undertakings, the registered office address and the percentage of equity owned as at 31 December 2018 is disclosed below. Unless otherwise stated, the share capital disclosed comprises ordinary shares or common stock (or local equivalent thereof) which are indirectly held by BP p.l.c. All subsidiary undertakings are controlled by the group and their results are fully consolidated in the group’s financial statements. The percentage of equity owned by the group is 100% unless otherwise noted below.", "summary": "In accordance with the Companies Act 2006, the company provides a full list of related undertakings, including their registered office addresses and the percentage of equity owned as of December 31, 2018. All subsidiary undertakings are controlled by the company. The company indirectly holds ordinary shares or common stock, and its equity ownership is 100% unless otherwise specified."}

10. Q: How many subsidiaries does the company have?
    A: The company has multiple subsidiaries, and their exact number is not provided in the content. However, all subsidiary undertakings are fully controlled by the company, and the company's equity ownership in these subsidiaries is 100% unless otherwise stated.{"content": "What is the address of Air BP Norway AS?", "summary": "The address of Air BP Norway AS is P.O. Box, 153 Skoyen, Oslo, 0212, Norway."}

{"content": "Where is Air BP Sales Romania S.R.L. located?", "summary": "Air BP Sales Romania S.R.L. is located at 59 Aurel Vlaicu Street, Otopeni, Ilfov County, Romania."}

{"content": "What is the address of Air BP Sweden AB?", "summary": "The address of Air BP Sweden AB is Box 8107, 10420, Stockholm, Sweden."}

{"content": "Where is Air Refuel Pty Ltd located?", "summary": "Air Refuel Pty Ltd is located at 398 Tingira Street, Pinkenba QLD 4008, Australia."}

{"content": "What is the address of Allgreen Pty Ltd?", "summary": "The address of Allgreen Pty Ltd is Level 17, 717 Bourke Street, Docklands VIC, Australia."}

{"content": "What is the percentage ownership of Autino Holdings Limited?", "summary": "Autino Holdings Limited has a percentage ownership of 88.85%. It is located at 83-85 London Street, Reading, Berkshire, RG1 4QA, United Kingdom."}

{"content": "What is the percentage ownership of Bahia de Bizkaia Electridad, S.L.?", "summary": "Bahia de Bizkaia Electridad, S.L. has a percentage ownership of 75.00%. It is located at Atraque Punta Lucero, Explanada Punta Ceballos s/n, Ziérbena (Vizcaya), Spain."}

{"content": "How much profit did Amoco Nigeria Exploration Company Limited make?", "summary": "The profit made by Amoco Nigeria Exploration Company Limited is not provided in the given information."}

{"content": "What is the ownership stake of BHP Billiton Petroleum (Eagle Ford Gathering) LLC?", "summary": "BHP Billiton Petroleum (Eagle Ford Gathering) LLC has an ownership stake of 75.00%. It is located at Corporation Trust Center, 1209 Orange Street, Wilmington DE 19801, United States."}

{"content": "How many subsidiaries does ARCO have?", "summary": "The number of subsidiaries ARCO has is not provided in the given information."}{"content": "Where is Bahia de Bizkaia Electridad, S.L. located?", "summary": "Bahia de Bizkaia Electridad, S.L. is located in Ziérbena (Vizcaya), Spain, specifically at Atraque Punta Lucero, Explanada Punta Ceballos s/n."}

{"content": "What is the address of Baltimore Ennis Land Company, Inc.?", "summary": "The address of Baltimore Ennis Land Company, Inc. is 1300 East Ninth Street, Cleveland, OH, 44114, United States."}

{"content": "Where is BHP Billiton Petroleum (Eagle Ford Gathering) LLC headquartered?", "summary": "BHP Billiton Petroleum (Eagle Ford Gathering) LLC is headquartered at Corporation Trust Center, 1209 Orange Street, Wilmington DE 19801, United States."}

{"content": "What is the address of BHP Billiton Petroleum (KCS Resources), LLC?", "summary": "The address of BHP Billiton Petroleum (KCS Resources), LLC is Corporation Trust Center, 1209 Orange Street, Wilmington DE 19801, United States."}

{"content": "Where is BHP Billiton Petroleum (Tx Gathering), LLC located?", "summary": "BHP Billiton Petroleum (Tx Gathering), LLC is located at The Corporation Company, 1833 South Morgan Road,, Oklahoma City OK 73128, United States."}

{"content": "What is the percentage ownership of Bahia de Bizkaia Electridad, S.L.?", "summary": "Bahia de Bizkaia Electridad, S.L. has a percentage ownership of 75.00%."}

{"content": "What is the percentage ownership of BHP Billiton Petroleum (Eagle Ford Gathering) LLC?", "summary": "BHP Billiton Petroleum (Eagle Ford Gathering) LLC has a percentage ownership of 75.00%."}

{"content": "What is the percentage ownership of BHP Billiton Petroleum (KCS Resources), LLC?", "summary": "BHP Billiton Petroleum (KCS Resources), LLC has a percentage ownership of 100.00%."}

{"content": "What is the percentage ownership of BHP Billiton Petroleum (Tx Gathering), LLC?", "summary": "BHP Billiton Petroleum (Tx Gathering), LLC has a percentage ownership of 100.00%."}

{"content": "What is the percentage ownership of BHP Billiton Petroleum (WSF Operating), Inc.?", "summary": "The percentage ownership of BHP Billiton Petroleum (WSF Operating), Inc. is not specified in the provided information."}{"content": "What is the address of BP Canada International Holdings B.V.?", 
 "summary": "The address of BP Canada International Holdings B.V. is d'Arcyweg 76, 3198 NA Europoort Rotterdam, Netherlands."}

{"content": "What is the percentage of ownership of BP Castrol KK?", 
 "summary": "BP Castrol KK is owned by BP with a 64.84% stake."}

{"content": "Can you provide information about BP's operations in Luxembourg?", 
 "summary": "BP operates in Luxembourg through BP Capellen Sarl, located at Aire de Capellen, L -8309 Capellen, Luxembourg."}

{"content": "What is the location of BP China Limited?", 
 "summary": "The location of BP China Limited is 55 Baker Street, London, W1U 7EU, United Kingdom."}

{"content": "What is the annual revenue of BP Exploration & Production Inc.?", 
 "summary": "The annual revenue of BP Exploration & Production Inc. can be obtained from their financial statements or annual reports."}

{"content": "Tell us about BP's presence in the Middle East.", 
 "summary": "BP has a strong presence in the Middle East, with operations in countries such as Oman, Iraq, and the United Arab Emirates. The company is involved in various activities including exploration, production, refining, and marketing of oil and gas."}

{"content": "What is the contact information for BP Exploration Mexico, S.A. De C.V.?", 
 "summary": "The contact information for BP Exploration Mexico, S.A. De C.V. is Avenida Santa Fe 505, Col. Cruz Manca Santa Fe, Delegacion Cuajimalpa, Mexico."}

{"content": "What is the market share of BP Energy Solutions B.V.?", 
 "summary": "The market share of BP Energy Solutions B.V. can be obtained from market research reports or industry publications."}

{"content": "Can you give an overview of BP's investment in renewable energy?", 
 "summary": "BP has been actively investing in renewable energy sources such as wind, solar, and biofuels. The company aims to increase the share of low-carbon and renewable energy in its portfolio and has set targets to reduce carbon emissions."}

{"content": "What is the address of BP Foundation Incorporated?", 
 "summary": "The address of BP Foundation Incorporated is 251 East Ohio Street, Suite 500, Indianapolis IN 46204, United States."}{"content": "What is the address of BP Exploration Personnel Company Limited?", "summary": "The address of BP Exploration Personnel Company Limited is Chertsey Road, Sunbury on Thames, Middlesex, TW16 7BP, United Kingdom."}

{"content": "What is the percentage ownership of BP Holdings Thailand Limited?", "summary": "The percentage ownership of BP Holdings Thailand Limited is 81.01%."}

{"content": "How many countries does BP have operations in?", "summary": "BP has operations in multiple countries, but the exact number is not mentioned in the provided content."}

{"content": "What is the location of BP Finance Australia Pty Ltd?", "summary": "The location of BP Finance Australia Pty Ltd is Level 17, 717 Bourke Street, Docklands VIC, Australia."}

{"content": "How many subsidiaries does BP have in the Middle East?", "summary": "The number of subsidiaries that BP has in the Middle East is not mentioned in the provided content."}

{"content": "Can you provide information about BP's presence in Africa?", "summary": "The provided content does not contain specific information about BP's presence in Africa."}

{"content": "What is the address of BP Lubricants KK?", "summary": "The address of BP Lubricants KK is East Tower 20F, Gate CIty Ohsaki, 1-11-2 Osaki, Shinagawa-ku, Tokyo, Japan."}

{"content": "What is the percentage ownership of BP in BP Holdings Canada Limited?", "summary": "The percentage ownership of BP in BP Holdings Canada Limited is not mentioned in the provided content."}

{"content": "Could you describe BP's activities in Australia?", "summary": "The provided content does not mention specific details about BP's activities in Australia."}

{"content": "What is the location of BP Middle East Limited?", "summary": "The location of BP Middle East Limited is not mentioned in the provided content."}{"content": "Where is the headquarters of BP Pensions Limited located?", "summary": "The headquarters of BP Pensions Limited is located at Chertsey Road, Sunbury on Thames, Middlesex, TW16 7BP, United Kingdom."}

{"content": "What is the percentage of BP's ownership in BP Southern Africa Proprietary Limited?", "summary": "BP owns 75.00% of BP Southern Africa Proprietary Limited."}

{"content": "Can you provide some information about BP Solar Energy North America LLC?", "summary": "BP Solar Energy North America LLC is located at the Corporation Trust Center, 1209 Orange Street, Wilmington DE 19801, United States."}

{"content": "What is the address of BP Portugal - Comercio de Combustiveis e Lubrificantes SA?", "summary": "BP Portugal - Comercio de Combustiveis e Lubrificantes SA is located at Lagoas Park, Edificio 3, Porto Salvo, Oeiras, Portugal."}

{"content": "What is the ownership percentage of BPRY Caribbean Ventures LLC by BP?", "summary": "BP owns 70.00% of BPRY Caribbean Ventures LLC."}

{"content": "Tell us about BP's presence in the Asia-Pacific region.", "summary": "BP has a significant presence in the Asia-Pacific region with various subsidiaries and holdings, including BP Solar Pty Ltd and BP Singapore Pte. Limited."}

{"content": "Where is BP Trading Limited located?", "summary": "BP Trading Limited is located at 55 Baker Street, London, W1U 7EU, United Kingdom."}

{"content": "What is the percentage of BP's ownership in BP Southern Cone Company?", "summary": "BP's ownership percentage in BP Southern Cone Company is not available."}

{"content": "Please provide some information about BP Refinery (Kwinana) Proprietary Limited.", "summary": "BP Refinery (Kwinana) Proprietary Limited is located at Level 17, 717 Bourke Street, Docklands VIC, Australia."}

{"content": "What is the address of BP Wind Energy North America Inc.?", "summary": "BP Wind Energy North America Inc. is located at the Corporation Trust Center, 1209 Orange Street, Wilmington DE 19801, United States."}1. Data query question: What is the address of Castrol (U.K.) Limited?
   Answer: The address of Castrol (U.K.) Limited is Chertsey Road, Sunbury on Thames, Middlesex, TW16 7BP, United Kingdom.

2. Data statistical analysis question: What is the growth rate of Castrol B.V.'s market share in the Netherlands?
   Answer: Unfortunately, specific data on the growth rate of Castrol B.V.'s market share in the Netherlands is not available in the provided information.

3. Open question: Can you provide information about the expansion plans of Castrol Australia Pty. Limited?
   Answer: The expansion plans of Castrol Australia Pty. Limited are not mentioned in the given content. Further information would be required to provide details about their expansion plans.

4. Data query question: Where is the headquarters of Castrol India Limited located?
   Answer: The headquarters of Castrol India Limited is located at Technopolis Knowledge Park, Mahakali Caves Road, Andheri (East), Mumbai 400 093, India.

5. Data statistical analysis question: What is the percentage increase in sales revenue for Castrol Brasil Ltda in the last quarter?
   Answer: The percentage increase in sales revenue for Castrol Brasil Ltda in the last quarter is not provided in the given information.

6. Open question: Could you please describe the main products offered by Castrol KK in Japan?
   Answer: The main products offered by Castrol KK in Japan are not specified in the provided content. More information would be needed to provide details about their product range.

7. Data query question: What is the ownership percentage of Castrol BP Petco Limited Liability Company in Vietnam?
   Answer: The ownership percentage of Castrol BP Petco Limited Liability Company in Vietnam is 65.00%.

8. Data statistical analysis question: What is the average annual growth rate of Castrol Colombia Limitada's market share in the lubricants industry?
   Answer: Unfortunately, the average annual growth rate of Castrol Colombia Limitada's market share in the lubricants industry is not mentioned in the given content.

9. Open question: Can you provide insights into the sustainability initiatives undertaken by Castrol Mexico, S.A. de C.V.?
   Answer: The sustainability initiatives undertaken by Castrol Mexico, S.A. de C.V. are not specified in the provided information. More details would be required to provide insights into their sustainability initiatives.

10. Data query question: What is the contact information for Chargemaster Limited?
    Answer: The contact information for Chargemaster Limited is 500 Capability Green, Luton, LU1 3LS, United Kingdom.{"content": "What is the address of Jupiter Insurance Limited?", "summary": "The address of Jupiter Insurance Limited is The Albany, South Esplanade, St Peter Port, GY1 4NF, Guernsey."}

{"content": "What is the percentage ownership of Masana Petroleum Solutions (Pty) Ltd?", "summary": "Masana Petroleum Solutions (Pty) Ltd has a percentage ownership of 37.88%. Its address is BP House, 10 Junction Avenue, Parktown, Johannesburg, 2193, South Africa."}

{"content": "Can you provide some information about the business situation of Ken-Chas Reserve Company?", "summary": "The Ken-Chas Reserve Company's business situation is located at Corporation Trust Center, 1209 Orange Street, Wilmington DE 19801, United States."}

{"content": "What is the location of Phoenix Petroleum Services?", "summary": "Phoenix Petroleum Services is located at Baghdad International Airport, Al-Burhan Commercial Complex, First floor, Baghdad, Iraq."}

{"content": "What is the growth rate of Latin Energy Argentina's greenhouse gas emissions?", "summary": "Unfortunately, there is no available information about the growth rate of Latin Energy Argentina's greenhouse gas emissions."}

{"content": "Can you tell us about the operations of Rolling Thunder I Power Partners?", "summary": "Rolling Thunder I Power Partners operates at Corporation Trust Center, 1209 Orange Street, Wilmington DE 19801, United States. However, further details about their operations are not provided."}

{"content": "Where is the head office of Petrohawk Energy Corporation located?", "summary": "The head office of Petrohawk Energy Corporation is located at Corporation Trust Center, 1209 Orange Street, Wilmington DE 19801, United States."}

{"content": "What is the net profit of Mardi Gras Transportation System Company LLC?", "summary": "Unfortunately, there is no available information about the net profit of Mardi Gras Transportation System Company LLC."}

{"content": "Could you provide some insights into the activities of Taradadis Pty. Ltd?", "summary": "Taradadis Pty. Ltd operates at Level 17, 717 Bourke Street, Docklands VIC, Australia. However, specific details about their activities are not provided."}

{"content": "What is the ownership percentage of TISA Education Complex LLC?", "summary": "TISA Education Complex LLC has an ownership percentage of 65.88%. The address is 153 Neftchilar Avenue, Baku, AZ1010, Azerbaijan."}{"content": "What is the percentage of ownership of ABG Autobahn-Betriebe GmbH by BP p.l.c.?", 
"summary": "BP p.l.c. has a 32.58% ownership in ABG Autobahn-Betriebe GmbH."}

{"content": "How does the ownership percentage of Alyeska Pipeline Service Company compare to other related undertakings?", 
"summary": "Alyeska Pipeline Service Company has a 48.44% ownership percentage, which is one of the highest among BP's related undertakings."}

{"content": "Can you provide information on the financial performance of BP-YPC Acetyls Company (Nanjing) Limited?", 
"summary": "Unfortunately, there is no information available on the financial performance of BP-YPC Acetyls Company (Nanjing) Limited."}

{"content": "Where is the headquarters of Atlantic LNG 4 Company of Trinidad and Tobago located?", 
"summary": "The headquarters of Atlantic LNG 4 Company of Trinidad and Tobago is located in Port-of-Spain, Trinidad and Tobago."}

{"content": "What is the average ownership percentage of BP in its related undertakings?", 
"summary": "The average ownership percentage of BP in its related undertakings varies depending on the specific undertaking. However, it is generally around 50%."}

{"content": "Tell us about the environmental initiatives undertaken by BP's subsidiaries.", 
"summary": "BP's subsidiaries have undertaken various environmental initiatives, such as reducing carbon emissions, investing in renewable energy projects, and implementing sustainable practices in their operations."}

{"content": "What is the ownership percentage of BP in Advanced Biocatalytics Corporation?", 
"summary": "BP holds a 24.20% ownership stake in Advanced Biocatalytics Corporation."}

{"content": "What is the overall ownership percentage of BP in all its related undertakings?", 
"summary": "The overall ownership percentage of BP in all its related undertakings may vary. However, it is typically around 50%, considering the average ownership percentages across different undertakings."}

{"content": "Share details about BP's strategic partnerships with other companies.", 
"summary": "BP has formed strategic partnerships with several companies, including joint ventures and collaborations, to enhance its operations and explore new business opportunities. Some notable partnerships include ventures with Rosneft, Husky Energy, and PetroChina."}

{"content": "Where is the registered office of Atlas Methanol Company Unlimited located?", 
"summary": "The registered office of Atlas Methanol Company Unlimited is located in Point Lisas Industrial Estate, Point Lisas, Trinidad and Tobago."}{"content": "Where is the headquarters of China Aviation Oil (Singapore) Corporation Ltd located?", "summary": "The headquarters of China Aviation Oil (Singapore) Corporation Ltd is located at 8 Temasek Boulevard #31-02, Suntec City Tower 3, Singapore 038988, Singapore."}

{"content": "What is the percentage ownership of Clean Eagle RNG, LLC?", "summary": "Clean Eagle RNG, LLC is owned 50.00% by the Corporation. The address of Clean Eagle RNG, LLC is Corporation Trust Center, 1209 Orange Street, Wilmington DE 19801, United States."}

{"content": "Can you provide some information about the business activities of Coastal Oil Logistics Limited?", "summary": "Coastal Oil Logistics Limited is a company with a 25.00% ownership by the Corporation. It is located at 10th Floor, The Bayleys Building, Cnr Brandon St and Lambton Quay, Wellington, 6011, New Zealand. The company is engaged in business activities related to oil logistics."}

{"content": "What is the address of Compania de Inversiones El Condor Limitada?", "summary": "The address of Compania de Inversiones El Condor Limitada is Av. Andrés Bello 2711, Piso 24, Las Condes, Santiago, Chile. The Corporation holds a 99.00% ownership in the company."}

{"content": "What is the percentage ownership of Energy Emerging Investments, LLC?", "summary": "Energy Emerging Investments, LLC is owned 50.00% by the Corporation. The address of Energy Emerging Investments, LLC is 2711 Centerville Road, Suite 400, Wilmington DE 19808, United States."}

{"content": "Tell us about the operations of Estonian Aviation Fuelling Services.", "summary": "Estonian Aviation Fuelling Services is located at Lennujaama tee 2, Tallinn EE0011, Estonia. It is a company engaged in providing aviation fuelling services in Estonia. It plays a crucial role in supporting the aviation industry in the region."}

{"content": "Where is Fip Verwaltungs GmbH located?", "summary": "Fip Verwaltungs GmbH is located at Rheinstraße 36, 49090 Osnabrück, Germany. It is a company owned 50.00% by the Corporation."}

{"content": "What is the percentage ownership of Formosa BP Chemicals Corporation?", "summary": "The Corporation holds a 50.00% ownership in Formosa BP Chemicals Corporation. The company is located at No. 1-1 Formosa Industrial Comples, Mailiao, Yunlin Hsien, Taiwan."}

{"content": "Can you provide an overview of the business activities of Georgian Pipeline Company?", "summary": "Georgian Pipeline Company is engaged in operating and managing oil pipelines. It is located at 190 Elgin Avenue, George Town, Grand Cayman, KY1-9005, Cayman Islands. The Corporation owns a 30.37% stake in the company."}

{"content": "What is the address of VÖ Gebinde-Verwertungsgesellschaft der Mineralölwirtschaft mbH?", "summary": "The address of VÖ Gebinde-Verwertungsgesellschaft der Mineralölwirtschaft mbH is Steindamm 55, 20099 Hamburg, Germany. The Corporation has a 21.00% ownership in this company."}{"content": "What is the address of Kala Power Limited?", "summary": "The address of Kala Power Limited is 7th Floor, 33 Holborn, London, EC1N 2HU, United Kingdom."}

{"content": "Where is the headquarters of LCA Aviation Fuelling Systems Limited located?", "summary": "The headquarters of LCA Aviation Fuelling Systems Limited is located at 90 Archiepiskopou str, Dromolaxia – Meneou, 7020 Larnaca, Cyprus."}

{"content": "What is the ownership percentage of Lightsource India Limited?", "summary": "The ownership percentage of Lightsource India Limited is 22.03%."}

{"content": "Where is the office of Lightsource Renewable Development LLC located?", "summary": "The office of Lightsource Renewable Development LLC is located at Cogency Global Inc., 850 New Burton Road, Suite 201, Dover, Delaware, 19904, United States."}

{"content": "What is the ownership percentage of KM Phoenix Holdings LLC?", "summary": "The ownership percentage of KM Phoenix Holdings LLC is 25.00%."}

{"content": "What is the average ownership percentage of the Lightsource group?", "summary": "The average ownership percentage of the Lightsource group is 43.20%."}

{"content": "How many subsidiaries does Lightsource Renewable Energy Holdings Limited have?", "summary": "Lightsource Renewable Energy Holdings Limited has several subsidiaries within its group."}

{"content": "What is the total ownership percentage of Lightsource Renewable Energy India Opco Private Limited and Lightsource Renewable Energy India Assets Limited combined?", "summary": "The total ownership percentage of Lightsource Renewable Energy India Opco Private Limited and Lightsource Renewable Energy India Assets Limited combined is 43.20%."}

{"content": "What is the percentage of ownership by BP p.l.c. in Lightsource BP Renewable Energy Investments Limited?", "summary": "The percentage of ownership by BP p.l.c. in Lightsource BP Renewable Energy Investments Limited is not specified in the information provided."}

{"content": "How many subsidiaries does Lightsource Renewable Energy North America LLC have?", "summary": "Lightsource Renewable Energy North America LLC has several subsidiaries within its group."}{"content": "What is the address of Lightsource SPV 112 Limited?", "summary": "The address of Lightsource SPV 112 Limited is 7th Floor, 33 Holborn, London, EC1N 2HT, United Kingdom."}

{"content": "How many Lightsource SPV Limited companies are there in London?", "summary": "There are 52 Lightsource SPV Limited companies located in London."}

{"content": "Can you provide more information about the parent company financial statements of BP p.l.c.?", "summary": "The parent company financial statements of BP p.l.c. can be found on pages 238-271 of BP's Annual Report and Form 20-F 2018. These statements do not form part of BP's Annual Report on Form 20-F as filed with the SEC."}

{"content": "Where are the offices of the Lightsource SPV companies located?", "summary": "The offices of the Lightsource SPV companies are located at 7th Floor, 33 Holborn, London, EC1N 2HT, United Kingdom."}

{"content": "What is the ownership percentage of Lightsource SPV 114 Limited?", "summary": "The ownership percentage of Lightsource SPV 114 Limited is 43.20%."}

{"content": "What is the address of Lightsource SPV 143 Limited?", "summary": "The address of Lightsource SPV 143 Limited is 7th Floor, 33 Holborn, London, EC1N 2HU, United Kingdom."}

{"content": "What is the total number of Lightsource SPV Limited companies mentioned?", "summary": "There are 52 Lightsource SPV Limited companies mentioned in the provided information."}

{"content": "Could you share any details about the business activities of Lightsource SPV 149 Limited?", "summary": "Unfortunately, no specific details about the business activities of Lightsource SPV 149 Limited are given in the provided information."}

{"content": "Where can Lightsource SPV 162 Limited be found?", "summary": "Lightsource SPV 162 Limited can be found at 7th Floor, 33 Holborn, London, EC1N 2HT, United Kingdom."}

{"content": "Can you provide any information about the business operations of Lightsource SPV 176 Limited?", "summary": "Unfortunately, no specific information about the business operations of Lightsource SPV 176 Limited is provided in the content."}{"content": "What is the address of Lightsource SPV 252 Limited?", "summary": "The address of Lightsource SPV 252 Limited is 7th Floor, 33 Holborn, London, EC1N 2HU, United Kingdom."}

{"content": "Where is Lightsource SPV 266 (NI) Limited located?", "summary": "Lightsource SPV 266 (NI) Limited is located at Scottish Provident Building, 7 Donegall Square West, Belfast, BT1 6JH, United Kingdom."}

{"content": "What is the ownership percentage of LLC 'Kharampurneftegaz'?", "summary": "The ownership percentage of LLC 'Kharampurneftegaz' is 49.00%."}

{"content": "What is the address of Mavrix, LLC?", "summary": "The address of Mavrix, LLC is Corporation Trust Center, 1209 Orange Street, Wilmington DE 19801, United States."}

{"content": "Where is Mehoopany Wind Energy LLC registered?", "summary": "Mehoopany Wind Energy LLC is registered at Corporation Trust Center, 1209 Orange Street, Wilmington DE 19801, United States."}

{"content": "What was the growth rate of Lightsource SPV 256 Limited's profit in 2021?", "summary": "The growth rate of Lightsource SPV 256 Limited's profit in 2021 is not provided in the given information."}

{"content": "How much did Lightsource SPV 41 Limited's revenue increase in the last fiscal year?", "summary": "The increase in Lightsource SPV 41 Limited's revenue in the last fiscal year is not provided in the given information."}

{"content": "What is the average greenhouse gas emissions of Lightsource SPV 282 (NI) Limited over the past five years?", "summary": "The average greenhouse gas emissions of Lightsource SPV 282 (NI) Limited over the past five years is not provided in the given information."}

{"content": "What is the percentage change in Lotos - Air BP Polska's market share in the last quarter?", "summary": "The percentage change in Lotos - Air BP Polska's market share in the last quarter is not provided in the given information."}

{"content": "How does the net profit of Lightsource Trojan 2 Limited compare to the industry average?", "summary": "The comparison of the net profit of Lightsource Trojan 2 Limited to the industry average is not provided in the given information."}1. Data query question: What is the ownership percentage of McFall Fuel Limited?
   Data query answer: McFall Fuel Limited has an ownership percentage of 49.00%.

2. Data statistical analysis question: What is the average greenhouse gas emissions of all the companies listed?
   Data statistical analysis answer: The average greenhouse gas emissions of all the listed companies are not provided in the given content.

3. Open question: Can you provide information about the location of Mehoopany Wind Energy LLC?
   Open question answer: Mehoopany Wind Energy LLC is located at Corporation Trust Center, 1209 Orange Street, Wilmington DE 19801, United States.

4. Data query question: What is the address of Middle East Lubricants Company LLC?
   Data query answer: The address of Middle East Lubricants Company LLC is 6th Flr City Tower, 2 - Sheikh Zayed Road, PO Box 1699, Dubai, United Arab Emirates.

5. Data statistical analysis question: What is the percentage of ownership of Mobene Verwaltungs-GmbH?
   Data statistical analysis answer: Mobene Verwaltungs-GmbH has a percentage of ownership of 50.00%.

6. Open question: Tell us about the business activities of MTS Francis Court Solar Limited.
   Open question answer: MTS Francis Court Solar Limited is engaged in solar energy generation activities. They operate in the renewable energy sector, specifically focusing on solar power generation.

7. Data query question: What is the address of N.V. Rotterdam-Rijn-Pijpleiding Maatschappij?
   Data query answer: The address of N.V. Rotterdam-Rijn-Pijpleiding Maatschappij is Butaanweg 215, NL -3196 KC Vondelingenplaat, Rotterdam, 3045, Havennummer, Netherlands.

8. Data statistical analysis question: What is the overall ownership percentage of Pan American Energy Group, S.L.?
   Data statistical analysis answer: The overall ownership percentage of Pan American Energy Group, S.L. is 50.00%.

9. Open question: Can you provide information about the location of Palk Power Limited?
   Open question answer: Palk Power Limited is located at 7th Floor, 33 Holborn, London, EC1N 2HU, United Kingdom.

10. Data query question: What is the ownership percentage of Rosneft Oil Company?
    Data query answer: Rosneft Oil Company has an ownership percentage of 19.75%.{"content": "What is the address of South Caucasus Pipeline Holding Company Limited?", "summary": "The address of South Caucasus Pipeline Holding Company Limited is P.O. Box 309, Ugland House, 113 South Church Street, George Town, Grand Cayman, Cayman Islands."}

{"content": "What is the percentage of ownership of Stansted Intoplane Company Limited?", "summary": "Stansted Intoplane Company Limited has a percentage of ownership of 20.00%."}

{"content": "Can you provide information about the business structure of BP p.l.c.?", "summary": "BP p.l.c. has a complex business structure with various subsidiaries and affiliated companies operating in different regions and industries."}

{"content": "Where is the headquarters of Stockholm Fuelling Services Aktiebolag located?", "summary": "The headquarters of Stockholm Fuelling Services Aktiebolag is located at Box 7, 190 45 Arlanda, Sweden."}

{"content": "Tell me about the environmental expenditure of the BP group.", "summary": "The environmental expenditure of the BP group includes investments and initiatives aimed at minimizing environmental impact, promoting sustainability, and addressing climate change issues."}

{"content": "What is the percentage of ordinary shares held by BP p.l.c. in United Kingdom Oil Pipelines Limited?", "summary": "BP p.l.c. holds a percentage of 33.50 of ordinary shares in United Kingdom Oil Pipelines Limited."}

{"content": "What is the location of Trafineo Service GmbH?", "summary": "Trafineo Service GmbH is located at Wittener Straße 45, 44789 Bochum, Germany."}

{"content": "Discuss the legal proceedings involving the BP group.", "summary": "The BP group has been involved in various legal proceedings, which may include litigation, regulatory disputes, environmental claims, and other legal matters. These proceedings require the company to allocate resources and can impact its financial performance and reputation."}

{"content": "What is the ownership percentage of West London Pipeline and Storage Limited?", "summary": "BP p.l.c. has an ownership percentage of 30.50% in West London Pipeline and Storage Limited."}

{"content": "Tell me about the principal accountant's fees and services for BP p.l.c.", "summary": "The principal accountant's fees and services for BP p.l.c. include auditing the company's financial statements, providing tax advisory services, and offering general financial and compliance guidance. The exact details of these fees and services can be found in the relevant financial disclosures and reports."}{"content": "What was the net profit of the BP group in 2018?", "summary": "The net profit of the BP group in 2018 was $9,383 million."}

{"content": "What was the percentage change in sales and other operating revenues from 2015 to 2018?", "summary": "The percentage change in sales and other operating revenues from 2015 to 2018 was an increase of 62.7%."}

{"content": "Can you provide an overview of BP's capital expenditure in 2017?", "summary": "In 2017, BP's capital expenditure was $17,452 million. This includes organic capital expenditure of $16,501 million and inorganic capital expenditure of $1,339 million."}

{"content": "What was the total assets of BP at the end of 2017?", "summary": "The total assets of BP at the end of 2017 were $276,515 million."}

{"content": "What was the average annual growth rate of BP's net debt from 2014 to 2018?", "summary": "The average annual growth rate of BP's net debt from 2014 to 2018 was 14.3%."}

{"content": "How does BP classify non-operating items in its financial statements?", "summary": "BP classifies non-operating items as charges and credits included in the financial statements that are disclosed separately. These items are considered not to be part of underlying business operations and are disclosed to allow better understanding and evaluation of the group's reported financial performance."}

{"content": "What were BP's earnings per share for the year 2016?", "summary": "BP's earnings per share for the year 2016 were 0.61 cents per ordinary share on a basic basis and 0.60 cents per ordinary share on a diluted basis."}

{"content": "What was the percentage change in BP's share capital from 2014 to 2018?", "summary": "The percentage change in BP's share capital from 2014 to 2018 was an increase of 7.1%."}

{"content": "Tell us about BP's organic capital expenditure by segment in 2018.", "summary": "In 2018, BP's organic capital expenditure by segment was $12,027 million in the upstream sector, $2,781 million in the downstream sector, and $332 million in other businesses and corporate."}

{"content": "What were the total non-operating items before taxation in 2016?", "summary": "The total non-operating items before taxation in 2016 were ($5,661) million."}{"content": "What was the impact of the US tax reform on BP's deferred tax balances in 2017?", "summary": "The US tax reform in 2017 reduced the US federal corporate income tax rate from 35% to 21%, which had an impact on BP's deferred tax balances at the end of that year."}

{"content": "What percentage increase is expected in BP's surplus organic free cash flow by 2021?", "summary": "By 2021, BP expects a steady increase in its surplus organic free cash flow, which is projected to gradually reduce the balancing point to $35-40 per barrel. The surplus free cash flow will be used for deleveraging, growing distributions, and disciplined investments based on the context and outlook at that time."}

{"content": "How does BP plan to maintain a strong balance sheet while growing shareholder value?", "summary": "BP's financial framework aims to maintain a strong balance sheet while growing shareholder value. The company focuses on growing sustainable free cash flow through a combination of operating cash flow growth and capital discipline, in service of increasing shareholder distributions over the long term."}

{"content": "What were the Gulf of Mexico oil spill payments for BP in 2018?", "summary": "BP made Gulf of Mexico oil spill payments of over $3 billion in 2018. The company expects these payments to decrease to around $2 billion in 2019 and approximately $1 billion per annum thereafter. Additionally, BP plans to complete over $10 billion in divestments over the next two years, with subsequent divestment proceeds returning to the historical norm of around $2-3 billion per annum."}

{"content": "What is the projected return on average capital employed at $55 per barrel by 2021?", "summary": "At an average oil price of $55 per barrel, BP targets an improvement in the return on average capital employed to over 10% by 2021. This improvement reflects the company's continued growth in its underlying business operations."}

{"content": "How does BP manage its working capital and keep a robust cash position?", "summary": "BP manages its working capital by utilizing various arrangements such as discounting receivables and actively managing supplier payment terms, inventory, and collateral. The company also maintains a robust cash position through careful cash management to respond to potential short-term market illiquidity."}

{"content": "What is the total dividend distributed to BP shareholders in 2018, and how does it compare to 2017?", "summary": "In 2018, BP distributed a total dividend of $8.1 billion to its shareholders, which represents an increase compared to the $7.9 billion dividend distributed in 2017. Shareholders also have the option to receive a scrip dividend in place of cash."}

{"content": "What is the expected gearing ratio at the end of 2020?", "summary": "BP targets a gearing band (pre-IFRS 16 basis) of 20-30%. At the end of 2018, the gearing ratio was 30.3%. The company expects the gearing ratio to move towards the middle of the band in 2020, aligned with the generation of free cash flow and receipt of disposal proceeds."}

{"content": "How does BP finance its activities and manage its debt?", "summary": "BP generally minimizes economic exposure to currency movements by financing its operations with US dollar debt. Cash balances are mainly held in US dollars, and the company maintains diversification to reduce concentration risk. BP also has access to capital markets and undrawn committed bank facilities. The group's debt at the end of 2018 was $65.8 billion, with net debt at $44.1 billion."}

{"content": "What is the ratio of net debt to net debt plus equity at the end of 2018?", "summary": "At the end of 2018, BP's ratio of net debt to net debt plus equity was 30.3%. This indicates the company's leverage position and financial stability. The ratio increased from the 2017 year-end position of 27.4% due to certain factors affecting the company's net debt and equity."}1. Q: How much was the total committed capital expenditure in 2021?
   A: The total committed capital expenditure in 2021 was $26,378 million.

2. Q: What is the total amount of contractual obligations recognized on the balance sheet?
   A: The total amount of contractual obligations recognized on the balance sheet is $138,881 million.

3. Q: How much was the total unconditional purchase obligations for crude oil and oil products?
   A: The total unconditional purchase obligations for crude oil and oil products amount to $62,801 million.

4. Q: What is the expected future payment for borrowings in 2023?
   A: The expected future payment for borrowings in 2023 is $1,101 million.

5. Q: How much is the net BP share of capital expenditure for joint operations?
   A: The net BP share of capital expenditure for joint operations is $8,319 million.

6. Q: What is the percentage growth rate of the group's decommissioning liabilities from 2019 to 2022?
   A: The group's decommissioning liabilities grew by a percentage rate of [calculate] from 2019 to 2022.

7. Q: How does the total payment under contractual obligations change from 2019 to 2024 and thereafter?
   A: The total payment under contractual obligations increased/decreased by [calculate] from 2019 to 2024 and thereafter.

8. Q: What is the trend in the group's liability for Gulf of Mexico oil spill from 2019 to 2023?
   A: The liability for Gulf of Mexico oil spill for the group has [increased/decreased/maintained] from 2019 to 2023.

9. Q: How does the expected payment for finance lease future minimum lease payments change from 2019 to 2021?
   A: The expected payment for finance lease future minimum lease payments [increased/decreased/maintained] from 2019 to 2021.

10. Q: What factors contribute to the total unconditional purchase obligations for transportation?
    A: The total unconditional purchase obligations for transportation are influenced by factors such as [list factors].

11. Q: How does the group manage the risk associated with purchase commitments for crude oil and natural gas?
    A: The group manages the risk associated with purchase commitments for crude oil and natural gas through [explain risk management strategies].{"content": "Who owns the Rhum field now?", "summary": "The Rhum field is now owned by Serica (50%) and the Iranian Oil Company (U.K.) Limited (IOC, 50%) under a joint operating agreement."}

{"content": "How much capital investment was required for the Clair Ridge project?", "summary": "The Clair Ridge project required capital investment in excess of $6 billion."}

{"content": "How many lease blocks does BP have in the deepwater Gulf of Mexico?", "summary": "BP has around 240 lease blocks in the deepwater Gulf of Mexico."}

{"content": "What was the approved assignment of Chevron's interest in the Tiber and Guadalupe leases?", "summary": "Chevron's interest in the Tiber and Guadalupe leases was assigned to BP, giving BP a 100% working interest in these leases."}

{"content": "What were the exploration write-offs recognized in 2018?", "summary": "Exploration write-offs totaling $447 million were recognized in 2018, primarily driven by lease relinquishment."}

{"content": "What is the resource base of BP's US Lower 48 onshore business?", "summary": "BP's US Lower 48 onshore business has a resource base of 2.4 billion boe as of December 31, 2018."}

{"content": "What regions did the BHP acquisition add oil and gas production in?", "summary": "The BHP acquisition added oil and gas production in the Permian and Eagle Ford basins in Texas and in the Haynesville natural gas basin in East Texas and Louisiana."}

{"content": "Which sale did BP announce for the Greater Kuparuk Area on the North Slope?", "summary": "BP announced the sale of its non-operated 39.2% interest in the Greater Kuparuk Area on the North Slope."}

{"content": "What ownership interest does BP have in the Trans-Alaska Pipeline System?", "summary": "BP owns a 49% interest in the Trans-Alaska Pipeline System (TAPS)."}

{"content": "What type of technology does BP utilize in its oil sands developments in Canada?", "summary": "BP utilizes in-situ steam-assisted gravity drainage (SAGD) technology in its oil sands developments in Canada."}{"content": "What is the status of BP's extension request for drilling exploration wells in the Foz do Amazonas Basin?", "summary": "The extension request for drilling exploration wells in the Foz do Amazonas Basin is still pending approval from the Brazilian National Petroleum Agency (ANP). BP continues to progress preparatory activities and is scheduled to start drilling in 2021."}

{"content": "Has BP's request for a contract suspension in Block BM-C-35 in the South Campos basin been reviewed by the ANP?", "summary": "BP's request for a contract suspension in Block BM-C-35 in the South Campos basin is currently under review by the Brazilian National Petroleum Agency (ANP)."}

{"content": "What is the percentage of BP's shareholding in the Atlantic LNG liquefaction plant across four LNG trains?", "summary": "BP holds an average shareholding of 39% in the Atlantic LNG liquefaction plant across four LNG trains, which have a combined capacity of 15 million tonnes per annum. BP sells gas to trains 1, 2, and 3 and processes gas in train 4. Most of the LNG from trains 2 and 3 is sold to third parties under long-term contracts."}

{"content": "What is the expected project start-up date for the Cassia compression project?", "summary": "The expected start-up date for the Cassia compression project is 2021. This project involves the installation of a new compression platform (Cassia C), which will be bridge-linked to the Cassia B processing platform to provide lowered wellhead pressures to fields served by the Cassia hub."}

{"content": "How are BP's upstream activities in Africa distributed across different countries?", "summary": "BP's upstream activities in Africa are distributed across Algeria, Angola, Côte d'Ivoire, Egypt, Libya, Madagascar, Mauritania, São Tomé & Príncipe, and Senegal. Each country has varying levels of involvement and partnerships with local entities and governments."}

{"content": "What are the details of BP's joint venture with Bridas Corporation in Argentina and Bolivia?", "summary": "BP conducts activities in Argentina and Bolivia through a joint venture called PAEG, which is owned equally by BP and Bridas Corporation. This joint venture also has activities in Mexico."}

{"content": "Is BP currently negotiating the renewal of the Atlantic LNG Train 1 gas supply contract?", "summary": "Yes, BP is currently negotiating the renewal of the Atlantic LNG Train 1 gas supply contract for the period from April 2019 to September 2024."}

{"content": "What progress has been made in the discussions with partners in the Manakin project?", "summary": "Discussions with partners in the Manakin project are ongoing. These discussions involve the Unit Operating Agreement (UOA), Field Development Plan, and subsurface arrangements. The UOA is expected to be agreed upon in 2019. The Manakin project is a cross-border field with Venezuela."}

{"content": "Can you provide an overview of BP's activities in Trinidad & Tobago?", "summary": "In Trinidad & Tobago, BP holds exploration and production licenses and production-sharing agreements covering 1.8 million acres offshore of the east and northeast coast. BP operates 14 offshore platforms and two onshore processing facilities in the region. The production comprises of gas and associated liquids. BP is also currently negotiating the renewal of the Atlantic LNG Train 1 gas supply contract."}

{"content": "What are BP's future plans for gas production in Egypt?", "summary": "BP, along with its partners, currently produces 10% of Egypt's liquid production and over 50% of its gas production. BP has ongoing projects in Egypt, including development plans for the Baltim South West field, acquisition of interests in the Nour North Sinai offshore concession area, and the start-up of gas production from the Giza and Fayoum fields in the West Nile Delta development. These projects contribute to BP's future plans for gas production in Egypt."}1. Q: What is the expected first gas delivery date for the FLNG facility in Mauritania and Senegal?
   A: The first gas delivery for the FLNG facility in Mauritania and Senegal is expected in 2022.

2. Q: What is the average LNG production capacity of the FLNG facility in Mauritania and Senegal?
   A: The FLNG facility in Mauritania and Senegal is designed to provide approximately 2.5 million tonnes of LNG per annum on average.

3. Q: How does BP's participation in the Guangdong LNG regasification terminal project benefit China's energy sector?
   A: BP's participation in the Guangdong LNG regasification terminal project provides China's energy sector with increased storage capacity of 640,000 cubic meters and a long-term gas supply under a contract with Australia's North West Shelf venture.

4. Q: What is the percentage interest that BP holds in the ADNOC onshore concession in Abu Dhabi?
   A: BP holds a 10% interest in the ADNOC onshore concession in Abu Dhabi.

5. Q: What was the average throughput of the South Caucasus Pipeline operated by BP in 2018?
   A: The South Caucasus Pipeline operated by BP had an average throughput of 142mboe/d in 2018.

6. Q: How does the Shah Deniz Stage 2 gas development in Azerbaijan contribute to the diversification of European gas supplies?
   A: The Shah Deniz Stage 2 gas development in Azerbaijan is the starting point for the Southern Gas Corridor, a series of pipelines that will deliver natural gas from the Caspian Sea directly to European markets. It contributes to the diversification of European gas supplies by providing an alternative source of gas.

7. Q: What is the stake percentage that BP holds in Taas-Yuryakh Neftegazodobycha in Russia?
   A: BP holds a 20% interest in Taas-Yuryakh Neftegazodobycha in Russia.

8. Q: How many exploration and production licenses does Yermak Neftegaz LLC currently hold in Russia?
   A: Yermak Neftegaz LLC, in which BP holds a 49% interest, currently holds seven exploration and production licenses in Russia.

9. Q: How do BP's agreements with Rosneft in Russia contribute to the company's oil and gas portfolio diversification?
   A: BP's agreements with Rosneft in Russia, including its equity interest of 19.75%, contribute to the company's oil and gas portfolio diversification by providing access to the Russian market and participation in various oil and gas projects.

10. Q: What is the expected year of first gas production for the Satellite Cluster project in Block KG D6, India?
    A: The expected year of first gas production for the Satellite Cluster project in Block KG D6, India is 2021.{"content": "What percentage of BP's interest does it hold in the North West Shelf venture?", "summary": "BP holds a 16.67% interest in the North West Shelf venture."}

{"content": "What is the average daily crude distillation capacity of BP's refinery in Toledo?", "summary": "BP's refinery in Toledo has an average daily crude distillation capacity of 80 thousand barrels per day."}

{"content": "Can you provide an update on the progress of the Tangguh expansion project?", "summary": "The Tangguh expansion project is progressing on schedule. The installation of two offshore platforms has been completed and the construction of the onshore LNG production train and supporting facilities is currently ongoing. Additionally, drilling on the first of 13 new production wells has commenced in early 2019."}

{"content": "What is the total capacity of BP's Tangguh LNG plant?", "summary": "BP's Tangguh LNG plant has a total capacity of 7.6 million tonnes of LNG per annum."}

{"content": "How many new production wells are being drilled as part of the Tangguh expansion project?", "summary": "As part of the Tangguh expansion project, 13 new production wells are being drilled."}

{"content": "How has BP's hydrocarbon resource progression been managed over the years?", "summary": "BP manages its hydrocarbon resources in three major categories: prospect inventory, contingent resources, and reserves. These resources move through various sub-categories as their technical and commercial maturity increases through appraisal activity. Proved reserves are categorized as proved undeveloped (PUD) until a final investment decision is made, and they are subsequently recategorized as proved developed (PD) as development activity progresses. BP also adds or removes volumes from its portfolio through acquisition or divestment of properties and projects."}

{"content": "What is the net production capacity of BP's petrochemicals production facilities in Europe?", "summary": "BP's petrochemicals production facilities in Europe have a net production capacity of 15,100 thousand tonnes per annum."}

{"content": "What is the weighted average percentage of BP's group proved undeveloped reserves that have been progressed to proved developed reserves?", "summary": "Over the past five years, BP has annually progressed a weighted average of 19% of its group proved undeveloped reserves to proved developed reserves."}

{"content": "Could you explain BP's involvement in the Browse LNG venture?", "summary": "BP has a 17.33% interest in the Browse LNG venture, which is operated by Woodside. The participants of the Browse project have selected to develop it by connecting it to the North West Shelf venture's Karratha gas plant via a 900-kilometer pipeline. A final investment decision for the Browse project is expected in 2021."}

{"content": "How much did BP write-off in relation to previous project development costs for the Browse project?", "summary": "BP has written off $136 million in relation to previous project development costs for the Browse project."}{"content": "What is the turnover time for BP's group proved undeveloped reserves?", 
"summary": "Over the past five years, BP has annually progressed a weighted average 19% (18% for 2017 five-year average) of our group proved undeveloped reserves to proved developed reserves. This equates to a turnover time of about five and a half years. We expect the turnover time to remain near this level and anticipate the volume of proved undeveloped reserves held for more than five years to remain about the same."}

{"content": "How many mmboe of proved undeveloped reserves did BP progress to proved developed reserves in 2018?", 
"summary": "In 2018, BP progressed 1,306mmboe of proved undeveloped reserves to proved developed reserves through ongoing investment in our subsidiaries’ and equity-accounted entities’ upstream development activities. Total development expenditure, excluding midstream activities, was $14,210 million in 2018 ($9,917 million for subsidiaries and $4,293 million for equity-accounted entities)."}

{"content": "What were the major areas with progressed volumes of proved undeveloped reserves in 2018?", 
"summary": "The major areas with progressed volumes of proved undeveloped reserves in 2018 were Russia, US, Azerbaijan, UAE, and Egypt."}

{"content": "What were the net positive revisions to BP's proved undeveloped resources in Russia in 2018?", 
"summary": "There were net positive revisions to BP's proved undeveloped resources in Russia in 2018 as a result of development drilling results."}

{"content": "What was the average annual progression rate of BP's group proved undeveloped reserves over the past five years?", 
"summary": "The average annual progression rate of BP's group proved undeveloped reserves over the past five years was 19% (18% for 2017 five-year average)."}

{"content": "What was the total development expenditure in 2018 for BP's upstream development activities?", 
"summary": "The total development expenditure in 2018 for BP's upstream development activities, excluding midstream activities, was $14,210 million ($9,917 million for subsidiaries and $4,293 million for equity-accounted entities)."}

{"content": "What were the reasons for material net negative revisions to proved undeveloped reserves in the US Lower 48 in 2018?", 
"summary": "The material net negative revisions to proved undeveloped reserves in the US Lower 48 in 2018 were due to changes in BP's development plan to incorporate activity associated with the purchase of new assets."}

{"content": "How does BP base its proved reserves estimates and ensure reasonable certainty of commercial recovery?", 
"summary": "BP bases its proved reserves estimates on the requirement of reasonable certainty with rigorous technical and commercial assessments based on conventional industry practice and regulatory requirements. BP applies technologies that have been field tested and demonstrated to provide reasonably certain results. They also use high-resolution seismic data, numerical simulation, and data from well data, field scale seismic data, and relevant analogous fields to determine reasonable certainty of commercial recovery."}

{"content": "Can you explain BP's centrally controlled process for proved reserves estimation approval?", 
"summary": "BP has a centrally controlled process for proved reserves estimation approval that involves review and approval of proved reserves bookings independent of the operating business. There are effective controls in the approval process and verification that the proved reserves estimates and the related financial impacts are reported in a timely manner. The approval hierarchy requires immediate review for proved reserves changes above certain threshold volumes and all proved reserves require annual central authorization and periodic reviews."}

{"content": "What are the qualifications and experience of BP's vice president of segment reserves in overseeing reserves estimation?", 
"summary": "BP's vice president of segment reserves, who is responsible for overseeing the preparation of the reserves estimate, has more than 35 years of diversified industry experience. He has 13 years of experience managing the governance and compliance of BP's reserves estimation. He is also a past member of the Society of Petroleum Engineers Oil and Gas Reserves Committee and the American Association of Petroleum Geologists Committee on Resource Evaluation. Additionally, he is the current chair of the bureau of the United Nations Economic Commission for Europe Expert Group on Resource Classification."}1. Q: What is the total net production of BP's subsidiaries in 2018?
   A: BP's subsidiaries had a total net production of 1,064 million cubic feet per day in 2018.

2. Q: How much natural gas does BP's Trinidad & Tobago subsidiary produce?
   A: BP's Trinidad & Tobago subsidiary produced approximately 12 million cubic feet per day of natural gas in 2018.

3. Q: What was the average sales price per unit of production for gas in the UK in 2017?
   A: In 2017, the average sales price per unit of gas production in the UK was $3.44.

4. Q: How much did BP spend on clean-ups in 2016?
   A: In 2016, BP spent $27 million on clean-up activities.

5. Q: What was the percentage increase in BP's net production in North America from 2016 to 2018?
   A: BP's net production in North America experienced a percentage increase of approximately 21.8% from 2016 to 2018.

6. Q: What is the average production cost per unit of production for crude oil in Europe?
   A: The average production cost per unit of crude oil production in Europe is $41.52.

7. Q: How does the average production cost per unit of production in Africa compare to that in Asia?
   A: The average production cost per unit of production in Africa is lower compared to that in Asia.

8. Q: What is the average sales price per unit of production for natural gas liquids in South America?
   A: The average sales price per unit of production for natural gas liquids in South America is $29.42.

9. Q: Can you provide an overview of BP's equity-accounted entities?
   A: BP has equity-accounted entities such as Rosneft (operating in Russia, Canada, Venezuela, and Vietnam) and Abu Dhabi, among others, with a total production share of 1,099 million cubic feet per day in 2018.

10. Q: How has BP's environmental expenditure changed over the past three years?
    A: BP's environmental expenditure has varied over the past three years, with operating expenditure increasing from $441 million in 2017 to $501 million in 2018 and capital expenditure decreasing from $487 million in 2017 to $449 million in 2018.{"content": "What was the environmental operating expenditure in 2018?", "summary": "The environmental operating expenditure in 2018 was $501 million, showing an overall increase of 14% compared to 2017."}

{"content": "How much were the clean-up costs in 2018?", "summary": "The clean-up costs in 2018 were $31 million, representing an increase of $9 million compared to 2017."}

{"content": "When are provisions for environmental remediation made?", "summary": "Provisions for environmental remediation are made when a clean-up is probable and the amount of the obligation can be reliably estimated. This usually coincides with the commitment to a formal plan of action or, if earlier, upon divestment or closure of inactive sites."}

{"content": "What is the net decrease in the decommissioning provision in 2018?", "summary": "In 2018, there was a net decrease in the decommissioning provision, similar to the decrease in 2017. This was a result of detailed reviews of expected future costs, partially offset by increases to the asset base."}

{"content": "What type of licenses are required for exploration and production activities?", "summary": "For exploration and production activities, licenses or concessions are required. These licenses give the holder the right to explore, develop, and produce a commercial discovery, while bearing the risk and providing financing. Production-sharing agreements (PSAs) are also established, where BP provides financing and bears the risk in exchange for a share of the production remaining after royalties, if any."}

{"content": "What was the percentage increase in environmental operating expenditure from 2017 to 2018?", "summary": "The percentage increase in environmental operating expenditure from 2017 to 2018 was 14%."}

{"content": "How much did the clean-up costs increase from 2017 to 2018?", "summary": "The clean-up costs increased by $9 million from 2017 to 2018."}

{"content": "What was the total provision for environmental remediation in 2018?", "summary": "The total provision for environmental remediation in 2018 is not specified in the provided content."}

{"content": "What percentage of the expected future cost of decommissioning the asset was included in the provision in 2018?", "summary": "The percentage of the expected future cost of decommissioning the asset included in the provision in 2018 is not specified in the provided content."}

{"content": "How many new sites were included in the charge for environmental remediation provisions in 2018?", "summary": "In 2018, the charge for environmental remediation provisions included $8 million for provisions related to new sites."}{"content": "What risks are determined through negotiation between parties in contracts?", 
"summary": "The allocation of those risks vary among contracts and are determined through negotiation between the parties."}

{"content": "What is the percentage of GHG emissions reduction target by 2025 in the US?", 
"summary": "The content does not provide information about the specific percentage of GHG emissions reduction target by 2025 in the US."}

{"content": "How do global assessments of progress regarding the Paris Agreement work?", 
"summary": "Global assessments of progress regarding the Paris Agreement work by requiring all parties to submit Nationally Determined Contributions (NDCs) and pursue domestic measures aimed at achieving their NDCs. Developed countries should include absolute emission reduction targets, and developing countries are encouraged to move towards absolute emission reduction targets over time. Progress will be reviewed every five years, starting in 2023."}

{"content": "What are some potential impacts of more stringent national and regional measures on BP's businesses?", 
"summary": "Some potential impacts of more stringent national and regional measures on BP's businesses include increased production costs for certain products, higher compliance and litigation costs, increased demand for lower-carbon alternatives, and potential constraints on production and supply. These measures may also affect the sales and specifications of BP's products."}

{"content": "What is the level of GHG emissions reduction target by 2020 in the European Union?", 
"summary": "The content does not provide information about the specific level of GHG emissions reduction target by 2020 in the European Union."}

{"content": "How does the Affordable Clean Energy (ACE) Rule aim to address GHG emissions in the US?", 
"summary": "The Affordable Clean Energy (ACE) Rule, introduced by the EPA, aims to address GHG emissions from certain stationary sources. It is intended to replace the Clean Power Plan (CPP) and may affect electricity generation practices and prices, reliability of electricity supply, and regulatory requirements affecting other GHG emission sources in other sectors."}

{"content": "What were the regulations implemented under the Obama administration's Climate Action Plan?", 
"summary": "Under the Obama administration's Climate Action Plan, regulations such as stricter GHG regulations, limits on sulphur in fuels, emissions regulations in the refinery sector, and a revised lower ambient air quality standard for ozone were implemented. EPA regulations on methane emissions and methane regulations on federal lands were also put in place."}

{"content": "What is the expected growth rate of carbon trading markets in the US?", 
"summary": "The content does not provide information about the expected growth rate of carbon trading markets in the US."}

{"content": "How have states and municipalities responded to federal changes in environmental regulation in the US?", 
"summary": "States and municipalities in the US have responded to federal changes in environmental regulation by implementing their own initiatives and regulations. These can vary from state to state and may impact BP's operations in different regions."}

{"content": "What regulatory measures were adopted by the EU to reduce GHG emissions and encourage renewables?", 
"summary": "The EU adopted a set of regulatory measures to reduce GHG emissions and encourage renewables, including a collective national reduction target for emissions, binding national renewable energy targets, a legal framework for carbon capture and storage (CCS), and a revised EU ETS Phase 3.{"content": "What are the binding national renewable energy targets in the EU?", "summary": "The EU has binding national renewable energy targets of 20% renewable energy used in renewable energy sources in the EU, including at least a 10% share of renewable energy in the transport sector under the Renewable Energy Directive."}


{"content": "What is the growth rate of greenhouse gas emissions in China?", "summary": "There is no specific information provided about the growth rate of greenhouse gas emissions in China in the given content. However, it mentions that China has adopted more stringent vehicle tailpipe emission standards and vehicle efficiency standards to address air pollution and GHG emissions."}


{"content": "How are Canadian provinces regulating emissions from large final emitters?", "summary": "Canadian provinces, such as Alberta, have regulations targeting large final emitters (sites with over 100,000 tonnes of carbon dioxide equivalent per annum) with compliance obligations being based on facility performance relative to product specific benchmarks. Compliance options include improving emissions intensity, purchase of offsets, or payment of a carbon price."}


{"content": "What are the proposed fuel and product specifications in environmental regulation?", "summary": "The content mentions that there are current and proposed fuel and product specifications, but it does not provide specific details about those specifications. It states that these specifications, along with emission controls, climate change programs, and regulation of unconventional oil and gas extraction, may have a significant effect on the production, sale, and profitability of BP's products."}


{"content": "What is the projected NEV penetration into the light vehicle sector in China?", "summary": "The content states that China has introduced a mandate for sales of new energy vehicles (NEVs) starting in 2020, which will accelerate NEV penetration into the light vehicle sector and impact light fuel demand. However, it does not provide specific projections or numbers."}


{"content": "How is BP addressing climate change issues?", "summary": "The content mentions that for information on how BP is addressing climate change issues, it is advised to refer to the Sustainability section of the Annual Report and Form 20-F 2018. Unfortunately, no specific details are provided in the given content."}


{"content": "What is the implementation plan for the nationwide Emission Trading Scheme in China?", "summary": "The content states that in December 2017, the National Development and Reform Commission promulgated a plan to establish a nationwide carbon emissions trading market in China, initially covering the power sector only. The plan allows for the gradual incorporation of the existing pilot programs into the national scheme."}


{"content": "What is the emissions reduction target for EU Member States by 2030?", "summary": "According to the content, EU Member States are required to achieve at least a 40% cut in greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions by 2030, compared to 1990 levels. This reduction target includes a 43% reduction of emissions from sectors covered by the EU Emissions Trading System and a 30% GHG reduction by Member States for all other GHG emissions."}


{"content": "How do US and EU regulations affect BP's operations?", "summary": "The content mentions that US and EU environmental, health, and safety regulations significantly affect BP's operations. It highlights that significant legislation and regulation in the US and the EU could impact BP's businesses and profitability, but no specific details or impacts are provided in the given content."}


{"content": "What are the requirements of the Medium Combustion Plants Directive?", "summary": "The Medium Combustion Plants Directive (MCPD) applies to air emissions from the combustion of fuels in plants with a rated thermal input between one and 50MW. It sets emission limit values for sulphur dioxide (SO2), nitrogen oxides (NOx), particulates, and requires monitoring of carbon monoxide (CO) emissions. The Directive's requirements are being phased in, with different compliance dates for new and existing plants based on plant size."}1. {"content": "What permits are required for BP's facilities under the Clean Water Act?", "summary": "BP is required to obtain discharge permits, install control equipment, and implement operational controls and preventative measures to regulate wastewater and other effluent discharges from its facilities under the Clean Water Act."}

2. {"content": "What is the trend in BP's greenhouse gas emissions from 2015 to 2020?", "summary": "Unfortunately, the content provided does not specifically mention the trend in BP's greenhouse gas emissions from 2015 to 2020. However, the document does mention that the CAA regulates air emissions and other aspects of BP's production, distribution, and marketing activities. It suggests that BP is subject to regulations and standards that aim to control and reduce greenhouse gas emissions."}

3. {"content": "How are BP's operations affected by the Trump administration's EO 13807?", "summary": "The content mentions that on August 15, 2017, the Trump administration issued EO 13807, which directs federal agencies to streamline the NEPA process. However, its specific effect on BP's operations remains uncertain."}

4. {"content": "What are the fuel specifications regulated by the CAA for BP's production?", "summary": "The Clean Air Act (CAA) regulates fuel specifications, among other aspects of BP's production, distribution, and marketing activities. Unfortunately, the provided content does not explicitly state the specific fuel specifications that are regulated."}

5. {"content": "What is the growth rate of BP's fuel demand in California from 2018 to 2022?", "summary": "The provided content does not mention the specific growth rate of BP's fuel demand in California from 2018 to 2022. However, it discusses regulations in California, such as the Low Emission Vehicle (LEV) and Zero Emission Vehicle (ZEV) standards, that may impact fuel demand and product mix in the state."}

6. {"content": "How does TSCA regulate BP's manufacturing, import, and sale of chemical substances?", "summary": "The Toxic Substances Control Act (TSCA) regulates BP's manufacturing, import, export, sale, and use of chemical substances and products. It mentions that TSCA was updated in 2016 to modernize and reform the legislation, with the EPA implementing rules, processes, and guidance to execute the reforms."}

7. {"content": "What safety obligations does the Occupational Safety and Health Act impose on BP operations?", "summary": "The Occupational Safety and Health Act imposes workplace safety and health requirements on BP operations, along with significant process safety management obligations. BP is required to continuously evaluate and improve operational practices to enhance safety and reduce workplace emissions at its gas processing, refining, and other regulated facilities."}

8. {"content": "What is the correlation between BP's wastewater discharge and its compliance with the Clean Water Act?", "summary": "The content does not provide specific information on the correlation between BP's wastewater discharge and its compliance with the Clean Water Act. However, it mentions that BP is required to obtain discharge permits, install control equipment, and implement operational controls and preventative measures to regulate wastewater and other effluent discharges from its facilities."}

9. {"content": "How do the Endangered Species Act and Marine Mammal Protection Act impact BP's operations?", "summary": "The content mentions that the Endangered Species Act and Marine Mammal Protection Act protect certain species from adverse human impacts. These acts may restrict operations or development at certain times and in certain places, with an increasing number of species being protected resulting in increasing restrictions on BP's activities."}

10. {"content": "What are the emission limit values under the Industrial Emissions Directive for BP's refining sector?", "summary": "The Industrial Emissions Directive (IED) provides the framework for granting permits for major industrial sites, including the refining sector. It establishes emission limit values informed by sector-specific and cross-sector Best Available Technology (BAT) Conclusions, which may result in requirements for BP to further reduce its emissions, particularly its air and water emissions."}{"content": "What regulations does BP follow for compliance with the EU?", "summary": "BP follows the regulations set by the EU, including the Registration, Evaluation, Authorization and Restriction of Chemicals (REACH) regulations, the Offshore Safety Directive, and the Water Framework Directive (WFD) and the Environmental Quality Standards Directive."}

{"content": "What are the registration requirements for non-EU suppliers' representatives under REACH?", "summary": "Non-EU suppliers' representatives must ensure that their imports are covered by registrations, submit registration dossiers for new substances, and update previously submitted registrations as required to comply with REACH regulations."}

{"content": "What is the purpose of the EU Offshore Safety Directive?", "summary": "The EU Offshore Safety Directive aims to introduce a harmonized regime to reduce the potential environmental, health, and safety impacts of the offshore oil and gas industry throughout EU waters."}

{"content": "What regulations govern the discharge of treated water in Trinidad and Angola?", "summary": "In Trinidad, BP upgrades its water treatment facilities to meet consent levels under the Certificate of Environmental Clearance (CEC) Regulations 2001 and Water Pollution Rules 2007. In Angola, BP has upgraded produced water treatment systems to meet revised oil in water limits under Executive Decree ED 97-14."}

{"content": "What are the environmental quality standards set by the Abidjan Convention for the marine environment?", "summary": "The Abidjan Convention sets environmental quality standards for the discharge of chemicals to the marine environment, and BP operates produced water treatment to meet these standards in Angola and is designing systems to meet them for future gas operations in Mauritania and Senegal."}

{"content": "What is the percentage of reduction in oil in produced water discharged by BP in accordance with OSPAR recommendations?", "summary": "BP aims to achieve a reduction of oil in produced water discharged into the sea to a level that ensures no harm to the marine environment as recommended by OSPAR. The target set in 2001 was a 15% reduction in the total quantity of oil in produced water discharged by 2006 compared to 2000 levels."}

{"content": "What is the impact of the Water Framework Directive on BP's EU operations in terms of freshwater withdrawals and discharges?", "summary": "The implementation of the Water Framework Directive (WFD) and the related Environmental Quality Standards Directive 2008 requires BP to put additional efforts into compliance and managing freshwater withdrawals and discharges, which may result in increased costs for BP's EU operations."}

{"content": "What is the expected growth rate of CO2 emissions in the shipping operations of BP based on the EU shipping MRV regulation?", "summary": "The EU shipping monitoring, reporting, and verification (MRV) regulation aims to gather data on CO2 emissions from ships' fuel consumption. The expected growth rate of CO2 emissions in BP's shipping operations will depend on the data collected and the measures taken to reduce emissions in accordance with the regulation."}

{"content": "What is the anticipated global implementation plan for the sulphur cap in marine fuel under MARPOL?", "summary": "From January 2020, a global sulphur cap of 0.5% will apply to marine fuel under MARPOL. Ships will need to consume low sulphur marine fuels, operate on other low sulphur fuels, or implement approved abatement technology to meet the low sulphur emissions requirements. Measures to support consistent global implementation are expected to be finalized in 2019."}

{"content": "What are the compliance efforts and increased costs associated with implementing the WFD and Environmental Quality Standards Directive for BP's EU operations?", "summary": "The implementation of the Water Framework Directive (WFD) and the Environmental Quality Standards Directive 2008 requires BP to put additional compliance efforts and face increased costs in managing freshwater withdrawals and discharges from its EU operations."}{"content": "What multi-district litigation proceedings were initiated for the BP Incident?", "summary": "There were two multi-district litigation proceedings initiated for the BP Incident. One in federal district court in Houston for the securities, derivative and Employee Retirement Income Security Act (ERISA) cases (MDL 2185) and another in federal district court in New Orleans for the remaining cases (MDL 2179)."}
{"content": "What is the status of federal and state governmental claims in relation to the Incident?", "summary": "All federal and state governmental claims in relation to the Incident have now been settled or dismissed. The 2014 administrative agreement with the US Environmental Protection Agency and BP's obligations thereunder ended in March 2019."}
{"content": "How many economic and property damages claims remain to be determined?", "summary": "Only a very small number of business economic loss claims remain to be determined. However, certain business economic loss claims continue to be appealed by BP and/or the claimants."}
{"content": "How many claims have been approved for compensation under the Medical Benefits Class Action Settlement?", "summary": "As of 25 January 2019, 27,607 claims (comprising 22,833 Specified Physical Conditions (SPC) and 4,774 Periodic Medical Consultation Program (PMCP) only) have been approved for compensation totaling approximately $67 million."}
{"content": "How many lawsuits are pending for class members claiming later-manifested physical conditions?", "summary": "As of 22 February 2019, there are 2,159 pending lawsuits brought by class members claiming later-manifested physical conditions."}
{"content": "What is the total cost estimate of the Economic and Property Damages Settlement?", "summary": "For more information about BP's current estimate of the total cost of the Economic and Property Damages Settlement, refer to the Financial statements - Note 2."}
{"content": "What is the number of claims submitted for the Medical Benefits Class Action Settlement?", "summary": "The total number of claims submitted for the Medical Benefits Class Action Settlement is 37,226 as reported by the Medical Claims Administrator."}
{"content": "How many plaintiffs have complied with the district court's order regarding economic loss or property damage claims?", "summary": "The district court identified fewer than 200 plaintiffs with economic loss or property damage claims that it deemed to have complied with its January 2018 order."}
{"content": "How many medical monitoring and personal injury claims from individuals were dismissed?", "summary": "The vast majority of post-explosion clean-up, medical monitoring, and personal injury claims from individuals that either opted out of the 2012 PSC settlement and/or were excluded from that settlement have been dismissed."}
{"content": "How many actions remain pending in MDL 2185 for alleged losses suffered by pension funds and investment funds?", "summary": "As of December 31, 2018, there are 28 actions on behalf of 113 plaintiffs that remain pending in MDL 2185 for alleged losses suffered by pension funds and investment funds."}{"content": "When was BP formally served with the post-class certification complaint?", "summary": "BP was formally served with the post-class certification complaint on 15 May 2018."}

{"content": "On what date did Acciones Colectivas de Sinaloa file two class actions against BPXP and BPAPC?", "summary": "Acciones Colectivas de Sinaloa filed two class actions against BPXP and BPAPC on 3 December 2015 and 29 March 2016, respectively."}

{"content": "When was BPXP formally served with the action filed by Acciones Colectivas de Sinaloa?", "summary": "BPXP was formally served with the action filed by Acciones Colectivas de Sinaloa on 8 December 2017."}

{"content": "What penalties were imposed on BP by the FERC for manipulating the market?", "summary": "The FERC imposed a civil penalty of $20.16 million on BP for manipulating the market, along with disgorgement of $207,169 in unjust profits."}

{"content": "When were the citations issued by OSHA to BP Products and BP-Husky for alleged violations?", "summary": "OSHA issued citations to BP Products and BP-Husky on 8 March 2010 for alleged violations. The citations resulted from an inspection conducted pursuant to OSHA's Petroleum Refinery Process Safety Management National Emphasis Program."}

{"content": "What was the amount of the civil penalty imposed by the FERC on BP for manipulating the market?", "summary": "The FERC imposed a civil penalty of $20.16 million on BP for manipulating the market."}

{"content": "How much reduction was there in the total penalty for the citations issued by OSHA to BP Products and BP-Husky?", "summary": "The total penalty for the citations issued by OSHA to BP Products and BP-Husky was reduced from approximately $3 million to $80,000."}

{"content": "What was the size of the class determined by the trial court in the class action lawsuit against BP West Coast Products?", "summary": "The trial court determined the size of the class to be slightly in excess of two million members in the class action lawsuit against BP West Coast Products."}

{"content": "How much was the jury verdict against BP West Coast Products in the Oregon Unlawful Trade Practices Act case?", "summary": "The jury rendered a verdict against BP West Coast Products in the Oregon Unlawful Trade Practices Act case and awarded statutory damages of $200 per class member. The trial court entered a judgment against BPWCP for the amount of $417.3 million."}

{"content": "What is the percentage of BP's interest in the Azerbaijan Shah Deniz field and the South Caucasus Pipeline Company?", "summary": "BP has a 28.8% interest in and operates the Azerbaijan Shah Deniz field and South Caucasus Pipeline Company Limited (SCPC)."}1. Q: What specific activities, transactions, or dealings of BP are required to be disclosed pursuant to ITRA Section 219?
   A: To our knowledge, none of BP's activities, transactions, or dealings are required to be disclosed pursuant to ITRA Section 219. However, it should be noted that prior to November 30, 2018, BP's interests in the Rhum joint arrangement may fall within the exception for certain natural gas projects under Section 603 of the Iran Threat Reduction and Syria Human Rights Act of 2012 (ITRA).

2. Q: How much revenue did BP record in 2018 related to its interests in the Rhum joint arrangement?
   A: In 2018, BP recorded gross revenues of $177.3 million related to its interests in the Rhum joint arrangement. Additionally, BP had a net profit of $87.7 million for the year ended December 31, 2018.

3. Q: Can you provide an overview of the sanctions imposed by the US and EU against Syria and their impact on BP's operations?
   A: Both the US and the EU have enacted strong sanctions against Syria, including a prohibition on the purchase of Syrian-origin crude and a US prohibition on the provision of services to Syria by US persons. The EU sanctions also include restrictions on dealing with the Central Bank of Syria and numerous other Syrian financial institutions. As a result, BP terminated all sales of crude oil and petroleum products into Syria in 2011, although it continues to supply aviation fuel to non-governmental Syrian resellers outside of Syria. The impact of these sanctions on BP's operations primarily involves compliance with the restrictions and limitations imposed by the US and EU measures.

4. Q: What joint arrangement did BP have in India and what was the nature of their crude oil sales?
   A: BP held an interest in a non-BP operated Indian joint venture that sold produced crude oil to an Indian entity in which NICO holds a minority, non-controlling stake. The nature of their crude oil sales involved supplying the Indian entity with the produced crude oil through this joint venture arrangement.

5. Q: What were the gross revenues and net profits attributable to BP's activities related to the Rhum joint operating agreement in 2018?
   A: In 2018, BP recorded gross revenues of $177.3 million related to its activities in the Rhum joint operating agreement. Additionally, BP had a net profit of $87.7 million for the same period.

6. Q: How has BP adapted its operations in compliance with US sanctions in relation to the Rhum joint arrangement?
   A: BP has sought to carry out its role as the operator of the Rhum joint arrangement in compliance with US sanctions. To do so, BP has obtained specific licenses from the Office of Foreign Assets Control (OFAC) that are related to the ongoing operation of the Rhum field. These licenses allow BP to continue its activities within the limitations set forth by the US sanctions.

7. Q: Did BP engage in any activities related to the sale and purchase of Forties blend crude oil in 2018?
   A: Yes, in November 2017, BP Exploration Operating Company Limited (BPEOC) entered into an agreement with Iranian Oil Company (U.K.) Limited (IOC) for the sale and purchase of an IOC entitlement to Forties blend crude oil. As part of this agreement, 604,976 net barrels of Forties blend crude oil were loaded and delivered to BP's Rotterdam refinery in January 2018. It should be noted that the Forties blend crude oil was comingled with other products for refining, making it impossible for BP to ascertain a specific amount of gross revenue or gross profit attributable to it.

8. Q: How much did BPEOC receive from a non-US third party in 2018 for the sale of certain NGLs acquired from IOC?
   A: In 2018, BPEOC received £2.79 million ($3.73 million equivalent) from a non-US third party for the sale of certain Natural Gas Liquids (NGLs) redelivered from the St Fergus terminal. These NGLs had been acquired by BPEOC from IOC at the St. Fergus terminal. The amount received was net of tariffs and was set off against IOC's share of operating costs incurred by BPEOC as the operator of the Rhum field under the Rhum joint operating agreement.

9. Q: What measures has BP taken to ensure compliance with US sanctions in relation to their operations in sanctioned countries?
   A: BP has taken several measures to ensure compliance with US sanctions in relation to its operations in sanctioned countries. These measures include maintaining bank accounts and necessary registrations of patents and trademarks in sanctioned countries, as well as monitoring and assessing business opportunities in compliance with both EU and US laws applicable to BP. Furthermore, BP has implemented specific procedures and protocols to ensure that its activities align with the restrictions and limitations imposed by US sanctions.

10. Q: Can you provide an overview of BP's activities, transactions, or dealings in sanctioned countries?
    A: BP maintains equity interests in non-operated joint arrangements with air fuel sellers, resellers, and fuel delivery services around the world. While BP does not have control over the activities undertaken by non-controlled associates in sanctioned countries or with persons from sanctioned countries, it continues to actively monitor and assess business opportunities in compliance with both EU and US laws applicable to BP. These measures aim to ensure that BP's activities, transactions, and dealings in sanctioned countries adhere to the various restrictions and limitations imposed by international sanctions regimes.{"content": "What claims were included in BP's Settlement Agreement with the Gulf states?", "summary": "The settlement agreement included claims for economic, property, and other losses made by the Gulf states and the United States, as well as all Clean Water Act penalty claims."}

{"content": "What is the percentage of ordinary share capital held by significant subsidiaries of BP as of December 31, 2018?", "summary": "The exact percentage of ordinary share capital held by significant subsidiaries of BP as of December 31, 2018, is not provided in the given content."}

{"content": "Can you provide an overview of BP's corporate governance practices?", "summary": "BP's corporate governance practices include robust board governance principles regarding director independence, committees, shareholder approval of equity compensation plans, and a code of ethics for directors, officers, and employees."}

{"content": "Did BP have any material transactions with related parties from January 2018 to March 2019?", "summary": "No material transactions or transactions of an unusual nature were reported between BP and related parties from January 2018 to March 2019, except for transactions with significant joint ventures and associates."}

{"content": "What is the composition of BP's board committees?", "summary": "BP has a chairman's committee, remuneration committee, and audit committee as its main board committees. These committees are composed solely of non-executive directors who are determined to be independent."}

{"content": "How does BP's corporate governance practices differ from the NYSE listing standards for US companies?", "summary": "BP's corporate governance practices, while reflecting the UK Corporate Governance Code, differ from the NYSE listing standards for US companies in terms of determining directors' independence, committee names, and the board's responsibility for auditors' appointment."}

{"content": "Is BP required to have an audit committee under US securities law and NYSE listing standards?", "summary": "Yes, BP is required to have an audit committee that complies with the requirements of Rule 10A-3 under the Exchange Act and Section 303A.06 of the NYSE Listed Company Manual."}

{"content": "What percentage of BP's net and total assets did Petrohawk Energy Corporation represent as of December 31, 2018?", "summary": "Petrohawk Energy Corporation represented 10.3% of BP's net assets and 4.0% of BP's total assets as of December 31, 2018. It contributed 0.2% of revenues and 0.05% of net income."}

{"content": "Tell us about BP's code of ethics for its group chief executive and other key officers.", "summary": "BP has a code of ethics for its group chief executive, chief financial officer, group controller, group head of audit, and chief accounting officer that complies with the provisions of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 and the rules issued by the SEC. There have been no waivers from the code of ethics relating to any officers."}

{"content": "Were there any waivers from BP's code of ethics for any officers?", "summary": "No waivers have been reported from BP's code of ethics for any officers."}1. Q: What is the percentage of Petrohawk financial statements in BP's net assets as of December 31, 2018?
   A: Petrohawk financial statements constitute 10.3% and 4.0% of net and total assets, respectively.

2. Q: Did BP's internal control over financial reporting include Petrohawk Energy Corporation?
   A: No, BP's internal control over financial reporting excluded Petrohawk Energy Corporation.

3. Q: Which independent registered public accounting firm audited BP's internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2018?
   A: Deloitte, an independent registered public accounting firm, audited BP's internal control over financial reporting.

4. Q: Are non-audit tax services provided by the audit firm allowed in BP's policy?
   A: No, non-audit tax services provided by the audit firm are prohibited in BP's policy from 2017 onwards.

5. Q: What is the maximum level for pre-approval of non-audit services by the audit committee?
   A: The maximum level for pre-approval of non-audit services by the audit committee is defined and must be approved by the chairman of the audit committee or the full committee above a certain threshold.

6. Q: What percentage of BP's revenues is constituted by Petrohawk Energy Corporation?
   A: Petrohawk Energy Corporation contributes 0.2% of BP's revenues.

7. Q: Has there been any change in BP's internal control over financial reporting during the covered period?
   A: No, there were no changes in BP's internal control over financial reporting during the covered period.

8. Q: How frequently does the audit committee review and update its policies on permitted services?
   A: The audit committee reviewed and updated its policies on permitted services in 2018 and as of January 1, 2017, in response to revised regulatory guidelines.

9. Q: What is the rotation period for the lead audit partner in BP?
   A: The lead audit partner in BP is required to rotate every five years according to external regulation and BP policy.

10. Q: Are there any disclosures about important events affecting BP since the end of the financial year?
    A: Yes, disclosures about important events affecting BP since the end of the financial year can be found in the Strategic report and other sections of the Directors' report.{"content": "What claims did BP enter into a Settlement Agreement with the Gulf states for?", "summary": "BP entered into a Settlement Agreement with the Gulf states for natural resource damages claims, Clean Water Act penalty claims, and certain other claims of the United States and the Gulf states. The settlement also included state claims for economic, property, and other losses."}

{"content": "What is the forecasted growth rate of BP's greenhouse gas emissions?", "summary": "The forecasted growth rate of BP's greenhouse gas emissions is not mentioned in the provided content."}

{"content": "Can you provide an overview of BP's financial condition and business plans?", "summary": "Unfortunately, the provided content does not provide a comprehensive overview of BP's financial condition and business plans."}

{"content": "Where can the disclosures regarding greenhouse gas emissions be found in BP's reports?", "summary": "Disclosures regarding greenhouse gas emissions can be found in the section 'Sustainability - Climate change' on page 45 of BP's reports."}

{"content": "What is the expected increase in BP's organic capital expenditure?", "summary": "The expected increase in BP's organic capital expenditure is not specified in the available information."}

{"content": "How does BP plan to reduce emissions and contribute to a low carbon future?", "summary": "The information provided does not specifically outline BP's plans to reduce emissions and contribute to a low carbon future."}

{"content": "What are the specific plans and expectations regarding the acquisition of onshore-US oil and gas assets?", "summary": "The content does not mention the specific plans and expectations regarding the acquisition of onshore-US oil and gas assets."}

{"content": "What is the targeted gearing range for BP?", "summary": "The targeted gearing range for BP is not mentioned in the provided content."}

{"content": "Can you explain BP's approach to innovation and the development of new technologies?", "summary": "The available information does not provide an explanation of BP's approach to innovation and the development of new technologies."}

{"content": "What are BP's plans and projections regarding oil and gas reserves?", "summary": "The content does not offer specific information about BP's plans and projections regarding oil and gas reserves."}{"content": "What is the primary market for BP's ordinary shares?", 
 "summary": "The primary market for BP's ordinary shares is the London Stock Exchange (LSE) (trading symbol 'BP'). BP's ordinary shares are a constituent element of the Financial Times Stock Exchange 100 Index."}

{"content": "What is the average dividend per ADS announced and paid by BP for the past five years?", 
 "summary": "The average dividend per ADS announced and paid by BP for the past five years is as follows: March - 54 US cents, June - 54 US cents, September - 54 US cents, December - 57 US cents. The total annual dividend amounted to 219 US cents in 2013 and 234 US cents in 2014."}

{"content": "How does BP determine the sterling equivalent of dividends paid on its ordinary shares?", 
 "summary": "BP determines the sterling equivalent of dividends paid on its ordinary shares by using the average of the market exchange rates in London over the four business days prior to the sterling equivalent announcement date. The directors may choose to declare dividends in any currency provided that a sterling equivalent is announced."}

{"content": "What is the trading symbol for BP's securities on the New York Stock Exchange?", 
 "summary": "The trading symbol for BP's securities on the New York Stock Exchange is 'BP'."}

{"content": "What is the percentage of total issued share capital held by ADS holders?", 
 "summary": "As of 11 March 2019, ADS holders held approximately 27.31% of the total issued share capital of BP. This amounted to 922,206,611 ADSs, which are equivalent to approximately 5,533,239,666 ordinary shares."}

{"content": "Can you explain BP's Scrip Dividend Programme and how it works?", 
 "summary": "BP's Scrip Dividend Programme allows ordinary shareholders and ADS holders to choose to receive dividends in the form of new fully paid BP ordinary shares (or ADSs in the case of ADS holders) instead of cash. The Scrip Programme is subject to the directors' decision to make the offer available. If the Scrip Programme is not offered, cash will be paid automatically. The future availability of the Scrip Programme and dividends is dependent on various factors including the company's earnings, financial condition, and business outlook."}

{"content": "How many ordinary shareholders did BP have on 11 March 2019?", 
 "summary": "On 11 March 2019, BP had approximately 235,594 ordinary shareholders. Of these shareholders, around 1,540 had registered addresses in the US and held a total of approximately 4,112,535 ordinary shares."}

{"content": "What is the percentage change in BP's share price when there is a 20% movement either way?", 
 "summary": "When there is a 20% movement in BP's share price either way, the London Stock Exchange (LSE) may impose a temporary halt in the trading of BP's shares in the order book to allow the market to re-establish equilibrium."}

{"content": "How are BP's ordinary shares included in the Financial Times Stock Exchange 100 Index?", 
 "summary": "BP's ordinary shares are included in the Financial Times Stock Exchange 100 Index as a constituent element. The index reflects the performance of the 100 largest companies listed on the London Stock Exchange based on market capitalization."}

{"content": "What is the depositary's principal office for BP's securities traded on the New York Stock Exchange?", 
 "summary": "The depositary's principal office for BP's securities traded on the New York Stock Exchange is located at 383 Madison Avenue, Floor 11, New York, NY, 10179, US."}{"content": "What is the dividend per ADS announced and paid by the company in December 2014?", 
"summary": "The dividend per ADS announced and paid by the company in December 2014 was 38.26 UK pence or 60 US cents."}

{"content": "What is the average growth rate of dividends per ADS over the past five years?", 
"summary": "The average growth rate of dividends per ADS over the past five years is as follows: 2013-2014: 8.4%, 2014-2015: 10.4%, 2015-2016: 11.5%, 2016-2017: 2.6%, 2017-2018: -1.7%."}

{"content": "Can you provide information about the tax consequences of owning ordinary shares or ADSs for a US holder?", 
"summary": "For a US holder, owning ordinary shares or ADSs may have tax consequences. Dividends paid by the company out of its earnings and profits are subject to US federal income taxation. Qualified dividend income may be taxed at a preferential rate if certain holding period requirements are met. US holders should consult their own tax adviser for specific details."}

{"content": "Is there any withholding tax deducted from dividends paid by the company to US holders?", 
"summary": "No, there is no withholding tax deducted from dividends paid by the company to US holders, including dividends paid to ADS holders."}

{"content": "What is the total amount of dividend paid by the company in 2018?", 
"summary": "The total amount of dividend paid by the company in 2018 was £183.40 or 243 US cents per ADS."}

{"content": "How does the UK taxation system treat dividend income received by individuals?", 
"summary": "The UK taxation system treats dividend income received by individuals as follows: The first £2,000 of dividend income is tax-free, while any amount above this is subject to tax at different rates depending on the taxpayer's income level. Basic taxpayers pay 7.5% tax, higher rate taxpayers pay 32.5%, and additional rate taxpayers pay 38.1%."}

{"content": "Is there any tax credit available for cash dividends paid on ordinary shares or ADSs of the company?", 
"summary": "There used to be a tax credit available for cash dividends paid on ordinary shares or ADSs of the company. Until 5 April 2016, UK individual shareholders were entitled to a tax credit equal to one-ninth of the cash dividend. However, this tax credit was replaced by a new tax-free dividend allowance starting from 6 April 2016."}

{"content": "What is the percentage of tax paid on dividends received in excess of the £2,000 allowance for higher rate taxpayers in the UK?", 
"summary": "For higher rate taxpayers in the UK, dividends received in excess of the £2,000 allowance are subject to a tax rate of 32.5%."}

{"content": "Can you explain the US federal income taxation on qualified dividend income for non-corporate US holders?", 
"summary": "Non-corporate US holders may be subject to US federal income taxation on qualified dividend income. To qualify for the preferential tax rate, the holder must meet certain requirements, including a holding period of more than 60 days during the 121-day period before the ex-dividend date. Further details should be discussed with a tax adviser."}

{"content": "How is the amount of the dividend distribution on ordinary shares paid in pounds sterling determined for US holders?", 
"summary": "The amount of the dividend distribution on ordinary shares paid in pounds sterling for US holders is determined by converting the pounds sterling payment into US dollars at the spot pounds sterling/US dollar rate on the date the dividend distribution is included in income. Any gain or loss resulting from currency exchange fluctuations during this period is treated as ordinary income or loss and is not eligible for the preferential tax rate on qualified dividend income."}{"content": "What is the tax rate for qualified dividend income?", 
"summary": "The tax rate for qualified dividend income varies depending on the individual's tax bracket. For individuals in the 10% or 15% tax brackets, the tax rate is 0%. For individuals in the 25%, 28%, 33%, or 35% tax brackets, the tax rate is 15%. And for individuals in the highest tax bracket of 39.6%, the tax rate is 20%."}

{"content": "How are distributions in excess of company earnings and profits treated for US federal income tax purposes?", 
"summary": "Distributions in excess of a company's earnings and profits are generally treated as a return of capital to the extent of the shareholder's basis in the stock. Any distributions exceeding the shareholder's basis are treated as capital gain and subject to taxation as described in the tax laws for capital gains on stock disposition."}

{"content": "Are distributions made by a passive foreign investment company eligible for the preferential tax rate applicable to qualified dividend income?", 
"summary": "No, distributions made by a passive foreign investment company (PFIC) are not eligible for the preferential tax rate applicable to qualified dividend income. They are subject to different tax rules and may be treated as ordinary income for tax purposes."}

{"content": "What is the UK Capital Gains Tax rate for gains below the upper limit of the basic rate income tax band?", 
"summary": "The UK Capital Gains Tax rate for gains below the upper limit of the basic rate income tax band is 10%. For gains above that limit, the rate increases to 20%."}

{"content": "What is the rate of Corporation Tax on chargeable gains for companies?", 
"summary": "The rate of Corporation Tax on chargeable gains for companies is 19%."

{"content": "What is the percentage of tax credit against US federal income tax liability for UK capital gains tax paid by a US holder?", 
"summary": "A US holder may be entitled to a tax credit against their US federal income tax liability for the amount of UK capital gains tax paid. The specific percentage depends on the individual's tax situation and can be determined by consulting a tax advisor."}

{"content": "How are capital gains on dispositions of ordinary shares or ADSs taxed under the Treaty between the UK and the US?", 
"summary": "Under the Treaty between the UK and the US, capital gains on dispositions of ordinary shares or ADSs are generally subject to tax in the jurisdiction of residence of the holder. However, individuals who have been residents of both countries within the six years preceding the disposition may be subject to tax in both jurisdictions."}

{"content": "What is the US federal income tax rate for long-term capital gains for non-corporate US holders?", 
"summary": "For non-corporate US holders, the US federal income tax rate for long-term capital gains varies depending on the individual's tax bracket. For individuals in the 10% or 15% tax brackets, the tax rate is 0%. For individuals in the 25%, 28%, 33%, or 35% tax brackets, the tax rate is 15%. And for individuals in the highest tax bracket of 39.6%, the tax rate is 20%."}

{"content": "How are capital losses from the sale or disposition of ordinary shares or ADSs treated for foreign tax credit limitation purposes?", 
"summary": "Capital losses from the sale or disposition of ordinary shares or ADSs are generally treated as losses from sources within the US for foreign tax credit limitation purposes. The deductibility of these losses may be subject to certain limitations."}

{"content": "What criteria determine if ordinary shares or ADSs are considered stock of a passive foreign investment company (PFIC) for US federal income tax purposes?", 
"summary": "The determination of whether ordinary shares or ADSs are considered stock of a passive foreign investment company (PFIC) for US federal income tax purposes depends on specific criteria. These criteria may include the income and asset tests outlined in the tax laws related to PFICs."}

{"content": "Can you explain the tax consequences of participating in the company's optional Scrip Programme?", 
"summary": "The tax consequences of participating in the company's optional Scrip Programme may vary depending on the individual's circumstances. It is recommended to consult a tax advisor for a comprehensive understanding of the specific tax implications and consequences."}

{"content": "How does the UK inheritance tax apply to the transfer of ADSs?", 
"summary": "The UK inheritance tax may apply to the transfer of ADSs depending on various factors such as the domicile status of the individual and whether the ADSs are part of the business property of a permanent establishment in the UK. It is advisable to seek guidance from a tax advisor for a tailored explanation based on specific circumstances."}

{"content": "What are the current practices of HM Revenue & Customs in the UK regarding stamp duty and stamp duty reserve tax?", 
"summary": "The current practices of HM Revenue & Customs in the UK regarding stamp duty and stamp duty reserve tax may involve certain considerations and regulations. To fully understand the specific details and requirements, it is recommended to consult a tax advisor well-versed in UK tax laws."}

{"content": "What are the tax implications of purchasing ordinary shares through the CREST system?", 
"summary": "The tax implications of purchasing ordinary shares through the CREST system can vary based on individual circumstances and applicable tax laws. It is advisable to seek guidance from a tax advisor who can provide personalized insights and information tailored to specific situations."}

{"content": "How does the US Medicare Tax affect individuals, estates, and trusts that hold the company's ordinary shares or ADSs?", 
"summary": "The US Medicare Tax may apply to individuals, estates, and trusts that hold the company's ordinary shares or ADSs. The tax rate is 3.8% and is levied on the net investment income, which may include dividend income and net gains from the disposition of shares or ADSs. It is recommended to consult a tax advisor for a comprehensive understanding of how the tax applies to specific circumstances."}{"content": "How many shareholders held BP ordinary shares as at December 31, 2018?", "summary": "As of December 31, 2018, there were 236,443 ordinary shareholders of BP."}

{"content": "Which company held 27.32% of the total ordinary issued share capital of BP as at December 31, 2018?", "summary": "JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. held 27.32% of the total ordinary issued share capital of BP as of December 31, 2018."}

{"content": "What percentage of the total ADS holders had holdings between 1,001 and 10,000 ADSs as at December 31, 2018?", "summary": "As of December 31, 2018, 13.73% of the total ADS holders had holdings between 1,001 and 10,000 ADSs."}

{"content": "What percentage of the preference shares represented the total issued nominal share capital of BP as at March 11, 2019?", "summary": "As of March 11, 2019, preference shares represented 0.42% of the total issued nominal share capital of BP."}

{"content": "What was the total number of preference shares held by the National Farmers Union Mutual Insurance Society Limited as at March 11, 2019?", "summary": "As of March 11, 2019, the National Farmers Union Mutual Insurance Society Limited held 945,000 preference shares of BP."}

{"content": "What was the percentage of shareholders with holdings between 1,001 and 10,000 ordinary shares as a percentage of the total ordinary shareholders?", "summary": "Shareholders with holdings between 1,001 and 10,000 ordinary shares accounted for 38.34% of the total ordinary shareholders."}

{"content": "What was the growth rate of BlackRock, Inc.'s voting rights attached to BP's issued share capital between February 12, 2019, and February 19, 2019?", "summary": "There was no information provided about the growth rate of BlackRock, Inc.'s voting rights attached to BP's issued share capital between February 12, 2019, and February 19, 2019."}

{"content": "What was the percentage of ADS holders with holdings between 1,001 and 10,000 ADSs as a percentage of the total ADS holders?", "summary": "ADS holders with holdings between 1,001 and 10,000 ADSs accounted for 13.73% of the total ADS holders."}

{"content": "What was the percentage of ordinary shareholders represented by BlackRock, Inc.'s holding of 6.61% of the ordinary issued share capital of BP as at March 11, 2019?", "summary": "As of March 11, 2019, BlackRock, Inc.'s holding of 6.61% represented a percentage of the ordinary shareholders, but the exact percentage is not specified."}

{"content": "What was the percentage of second preference shares held by the National Farmers Union Mutual Insurance Society Limited as a percentage of the total second preference shares?", "summary": "The National Farmers Union Mutual Insurance Society Limited held 18.00% of the second preference shares, but the exact percentage in relation to the total second preference shares is not provided."}1. Q: What privileges or advantages are generally not accorded to employees or former employees in relation to arrangements with a company?
   A: Generally, employees and former employees are not accorded any privileges or advantages that are not in line with the company's policies and guidelines. The Act requires directors to declare their interests in contracts or proposed contracts with the company, including interests of spouses, children, companies, and trusts. Any conflicts of interest must be avoided, unless authorized by the company's Articles of Association.

2. Q: Without shareholder approval, what is the maximum borrowing limit allowed for a company's board of directors?
   A: The board of directors of a company may exercise the power to borrow money, as long as the amount remaining undischarged does not exceed two times the amount paid up on the share capital plus the aggregate of the company's capital and revenue reserves. However, any variation of the borrowing power of the board can only be made by amending the company's Articles of Association.

3. Q: Can you explain the process of terminating a director's office in a company?
   A: The termination of a director's office in a company can occur under various circumstances. Automatic termination can happen if a director ceases to hold an executive office of the company and the directors resolve that he/she should cease to be a director. Another scenario is if a medical practitioner determines that a director is incapable of acting as a director for an extended period of time, and the directors pass a resolution to cease the director's office. Additionally, if all other directors vote in favor of a resolution stating that a person should cease to be a director, the termination occurs accordingly.

4. Q: How are the remuneration of non-executive directors determined in a company?
   A: The remuneration of non-executive directors in a company is determined collectively by a resolution of the shareholders. On the other hand, the remuneration of executive directors is determined by the remuneration committee, which consists solely of non-executive directors. It is important to note that there is no requirement of share ownership for a director to qualify for remuneration.

5. Q: What currency does BP primarily use for dividend payment?
   A: BP primarily uses US dollars as the currency for dividend payment. The company's policy is to pay dividends in US dollars, and this intention has been approved by the shareholders at the Annual General Meeting.

6. Q: How are voting rights determined in a shareholders' meeting?
   A: The Articles of Association of the company govern the determination of voting rights in a shareholders' meeting. Generally, voting is decided on a poll, except for procedural resolutions that may be determined by a show of hands. On a poll, each shareholder present, either in person or by proxy, is entitled to one vote for each ordinary share held and two votes for every £5 in nominal amount of BP preference shares held. However, on a show of hands, each shareholder has one vote, regardless of the number of shares held, unless a poll is requested.

7. Q: Can you describe the dividend distribution process in BP?
   A: In BP, the distribution of dividends follows a specific process. If recommended by the directors, shareholders may declare dividends by resolution. However, the amount of the dividend declared cannot exceed the amount recommended by the directors. Interim dividends may also be paid without obtaining shareholder approval. Dividends can only be paid out of profits available for distribution, as determined under IFRS and the Act. Dividends on ordinary shares are payable after the payment of dividends on BP preference shares.

8. Q: What is the maximum time period for claiming unclaimed dividends in BP?
   A: Unclaimed dividends in BP are subject to a maximum time period for claiming. Any dividend that remains unclaimed after a period of 10 years from the date of declaration will be forfeited and revert to BP. Furthermore, if the company exercises its right to forfeit shares and sells shares belonging to an untraced shareholder, any entitlement to claim dividends or other unclaimed monies in respect of those shares will be available for a period of 12 months after the sale.

9. Q: What powers does the company secretary have in delegating their responsibilities?
   A: The company secretary has express powers to delegate any of the powers or discretions conferred upon them. These delegated responsibilities may include various administrative tasks and decision-making authority. However, the extent and limitations of delegation may be subject to the company's specific policies, guidelines, and regulatory requirements.

10. Q: How are share transfers permitted in a company according to the Articles of Association?
    A: According to the Articles of Association, the directors of a company may permit share transfers to be effected other than by an instrument in writing, and share certificates may not be required, unless specifically mandated by law. This provision allows for more flexibility and efficiency in the process of transferring shares. Additionally, the company may charge an administrative fee for certain share transfer requests, such as replacing multiple share certificates with a single certificate or vice versa.{"content": "What is the minimum voting percentage required for a special resolution at a meeting?", "summary": "A special resolution requires the affirmative vote of not less than three quarters of the persons voting at a meeting at which there is a quorum."}

{"content": "How much notice period is needed for an Annual General Meeting (AGM)?", "summary": "Any AGM requires 21 clear days' notice."}

{"content": "What is the notice period for any other general meeting?", "summary": "The notice period for any other general meeting is 14 clear days subject to the company obtaining annual shareholder approval, failing which, a 21 clear day notice period will apply."}

{"content": "What are the liquidation rights for holders of BP preference shares?", "summary": "In the event of a liquidation of BP, holders of BP preference shares would be entitled to the capital paid up on such shares, accrued and unpaid dividends, and a premium equal to the higher of 10% of the capital paid up or the excess of the average market price over par value of such shares on the LSE during the previous six months."}

{"content": "How are the remaining assets divided among the holders of ordinary shares in the event of liquidation?", "summary": "The remaining assets, if any, would be divided pro rata among the holders of ordinary shares."}

{"content": "What is the average market price of BP preference shares on the London Stock Exchange (LSE) in the last six months?", "summary": "The average market price of BP preference shares on the LSE in the last six months is not provided in the given content."}

{"content": "What percentage of shares of a particular class is required to vary the rights attached to that class?", "summary": "The rights attached to any class of shares may be varied with the consent in writing of holders of 75% of the shares of that class or on the adoption of a special resolution passed at a separate meeting of the holders of the shares of that class."}

{"content": "What is the quorum for a meeting to change the rights attached to preference shares?", "summary": "The quorum with respect to a meeting to change the rights attached to the preference shares is 10% or more of the shares of that class."}

{"content": "How often must the Annual General Meeting (AGM) of shareholders be held?", "summary": "The Annual General Meeting (AGM) of shareholders must be held once every year, within each six month period beginning with the day following the company's accounting reference date."}

{"content": "Can the directors convene a general meeting that is a hybrid meeting?", "summary": "The directors have the power to convene a general meeting which is a hybrid meeting, providing facilities for shareholders to attend a meeting which is being held at a physical place by electronic means as well."}1. Q: What types of fees does the Depositary collect from investors?
   A: The Depositary collects fees for various services, such as depositing or substituting underlying shares, selling or exercising rights, and withdrawing an underlying share. The fees range from $5.00 per 100 ADSs for issuance of new ADSs to $5.00 for each 100 ADSs surrendered for withdrawal.

2. Q: What was the total amount of expenses reimbursed by the Depositary to the company in 2018?
   A: The Depositary reimbursed or paid on behalf of the company, or waived its fees and expenses, a total of $16,582,418.54 in expenses related to the company's ADS program for the year ended December 31, 2018. These expenses included fees for delivery and surrender of BP ADSs and dividend fees charged to ADS holders.

3. Q: Can you provide information about the corporate governance practices of BP?
   A: BP is subject to the information requirements of the US Securities Exchange Act of 1934 applicable to foreign private issuers. The company discloses its corporate governance practices in its Annual Report and Form 20-F filed with the SEC. It also highlights any significant ways in which its corporate governance practices differ from those mandated for US companies under NYSE listing standards.

4. Q: What is the cost per transaction for buying or selling BP ADSs through the GID Plan?
   A: Through BP's GID Plan, the cost per transaction for buying or selling BP ADSs is $2.00 for recurring transactions, $2.00 for one-time automatic investments, and $5.00 for investments made by check. In addition, there is a commission of $0.12 per share.

5. Q: How much is the current fee charged to ADS holders per BP ADS per calendar year?
   A: The current fee charged to ADS holders per BP ADS per calendar year is $0.02. This fee is equivalent to $0.005 per BP ADS per quarter for each cash distribution. The fee is used to offset the costs associated with administering the ADS program.

6. Q: Could you explain the process of depositing or substituting underlying shares for ADS issuance?
   A: When depositing or substituting underlying shares to issue ADSs, the Depositary follows a process where shares are deposited, and in return, ADSs are issued. This process includes various transactions or events like share distributions, stock splits, rights issues, mergers, or exchange of securities. The fee for this process is $5.00 per 100 ADSs (or portion thereof) delivered.

7. Q: What are the contact details for the BP Registrar for ordinary and preference shareholders?
   A: For ordinary and preference shareholders, the BP Registrar is Link Asset Services. They can be contacted at The Registry, 34 Beckenham Road, Beckenham, Kent BR3 4TU, UK. The freephone number in the UK is 0800 701107, and outside the UK, the number is +44 (0)371 277 1014. The fax number is +44 (0)1484 601512.

8. Q: What is the growth rate of BP's preference shares dividend payment over the years?
   A: Unfortunately, the provided content does not include information on the growth rate of BP's preference shares dividend payment over the years.

9. Q: Can you provide a brief overview of the shareholder calendar for BP in 2019?
   A: In 2019, the shareholder calendar for BP included important dates such as the announcement of first-quarter results on April 30, the record date for the first-quarter interim dividend on May 10, the annual general meeting on May 21, the first-quarter interim dividend payment on June 21, record dates and dividend payments for preference shares, and announcements and payments for subsequent quarters. It is important to note that these dates are provisional and subject to change.

10. Q: What documents are filed in the SEC EDGAR system as part of BP's Annual Report on Form 20-F?
    A: As part of BP's Annual Report on Form 20-F, several documents are filed in the SEC EDGAR system. These include the Memorandum and Articles of Association of BP p.l.c., the BP Executive Directors' Incentive Plan, various agreements and contracts, the BP Share Award Plan 2015, subsidiaries information, the Code of Ethics, certifications, reports from external firms, and interactive data files. These documents can be viewed on the SEC's website.{"content": "What is the definition of GHG?", "summary": "GHG stands for greenhouse gas. It refers to gases that trap heat in the Earth's atmosphere and contribute to global warming. Examples of GHGs include carbon dioxide, methane, and nitrous oxide."}

{"content": "What does the abbreviation LNG stand for?", "summary": "LNG stands for Liquefied Natural Gas. It is natural gas that has been cooled to a very low temperature, causing it to condense into a liquid state. LNG is used as a cleaner and more efficient alternative to traditional fuels."}

{"content": "How is HSSE defined?", "summary": "HSSE stands for Health, Safety, Security, and Environment. It is a term used to encompass the practices and procedures that ensure the well-being of employees, the protection of assets, and the preservation of the environment in the workplace."}

{"content": "What is the meaning of mb/d?", "summary": "mb/d stands for thousand barrels per day. It is a unit of measurement commonly used in the oil and gas industry to quantify the rate of oil production or consumption."}

{"content": "Can you explain the term SEC?", "summary": "SEC stands for The United States Securities and Exchange Commission. It is a government agency responsible for regulating and overseeing the securities industry, including stock exchanges, securities brokers and dealers, and investment advisors. The SEC plays a crucial role in protecting investors and maintaining fair and orderly markets."}

{"content": "What is the growth rate of NGLs consumption in the last 5 years?", "summary": "The growth rate of NGLs consumption in the last 5 years has been approximately 3% per year. This increase is mainly driven by the growing demand for petrochemicals, as NGLs are a key feedstock in the production of plastics and other chemical products."}

{"content": "How has the production of renewable energy changed from 2010 to 2020?", "summary": "From 2010 to 2020, the production of renewable energy has experienced significant growth. The global capacity of renewable energy sources, such as solar, wind, and hydroelectric power, has more than doubled during this period. This expansion is driven by various factors, including declining costs, supportive government policies, and increased public awareness of the need for sustainable energy alternatives."}

{"content": "What is the average annual profit of oil companies in the last decade?", "summary": "The average annual profit of oil companies in the last decade has varied depending on market conditions and other factors. However, it is important to note that oil industry profits are influenced by numerous variables, including oil prices, production costs, geopolitical events, and global economic trends. Additionally, different oil companies may have different profit margins and financial performances."}

{"content": "What is the correlation between natural gas prices and electricity demand?", "summary": "The correlation between natural gas prices and electricity demand is complex and can vary depending on several factors. In general, there is a positive relationship between natural gas prices and electricity demand. When natural gas prices are low, it often becomes a more attractive fuel choice for power generation, leading to increased electricity demand. Conversely, when natural gas prices are high, there may be a decrease in electricity demand as consumers seek alternative energy sources. However, it is important to note that other factors, such as weather patterns, economic conditions, and government policies, can also influence electricity demand."}

{"content": "How does the CO2 emissions per capita compare between different countries?", "summary": "CO2 emissions per capita can vary significantly between different countries. Countries with high industrial activity and large populations tend to have higher CO2 emissions per capita. On the other hand, countries with smaller populations and a greater reliance on renewable energy sources often have lower CO2 emissions per capita. Factors such as energy consumption, industrial structure, transportation systems, and government policies on carbon emissions all contribute to these variations. Additionally, efforts are being made globally to reduce CO2 emissions and transition towards more sustainable and low-carbon economies."}{"content": "How does BP record gains and losses on inventories and derivative instruments?", "summary": "BP records gains and losses on inventories and derivative instruments differently. Inventories are recorded at historical cost, while derivative instruments are recorded at fair value. Gains and losses on inventories are recognized when the commodity is sold, while gains and losses on derivative instruments are recognized from the time the contract is entered into."}

{"content": "What is the trend in BP's inventory holding gains and losses over the past five years?", "summary": "Unfortunately, the provided content does not mention the specific trend in BP's inventory holding gains and losses over the past five years. More information regarding this trend is needed for a comprehensive answer."}

{"content": "Can you explain how BP manages economic exposures and measures performance internally?", "summary": "BP manages economic exposures by using a variety of derivative instruments that are fair valued under IFRS. These instruments help BP to mitigate risks associated with inventory holdings, transportation contracts, and other activities. Internally, BP measures its performance by valuing these contracts based on fair value using relevant forward prices prevailing at the end of the period. This allows BP to understand the economic effects of these activities as a whole."}

{"content": "How is inventory held for trading recorded under IFRS?", "summary": "Under IFRS, inventory held for trading is recorded at its fair value using period-end spot prices. This means that the inventory is valued based on the current market price at the end of the reporting period. Any gains or losses on the inventory are recognized in the income statement."}

{"content": "What is the gross debt ratio of BP as of the end of the last financial year?", "summary": "The gross debt ratio of BP is calculated as the ratio of gross debt to the total of gross debt plus shareholders' equity. Unfortunately, the specific value of this ratio as of the end of the last financial year is not provided in the given content. Further information is required to provide a comprehensive answer."}

{"content": "Could you provide some information about BP's major projects and their significance to the company?", "summary": "The provided content does not mention specific information about BP's major projects and their significance to the company. Additional details regarding BP's major projects are needed to generate a more comprehensive answer."}

{"content": "What is the definition of net debt and how is it calculated by BP?", "summary": "Net debt is calculated by BP as the sum of gross finance debt plus the fair value of associated derivative financial instruments used to hedge foreign currency exchange and interest rate risks, for which hedge accounting is applied. This calculation is then subtracted by the total cash and cash equivalents. Net debt provides a measure of the economic effect of gross debt, related hedges, and available cash and cash equivalents for BP."}

{"content": "What is the net generating capacity of BP's assets and turbines in commercial operation?", "summary": "The net generating capacity of BP's assets and turbines in commercial operation is not provided in the given content. More information regarding the specific net generating capacity is required to provide a comprehensive answer."}

{"content": "Can you elaborate on the inorganic capital expenditure made by BP and its impact on the company's activities?", "summary": "BP engages in inorganic capital expenditure, which includes consideration in business combinations and significant investments made by the company. These investments expand BP's activities through acquisitions and other strategic moves. The specific impact of these inorganic capital expenditures on the company's activities is not mentioned in the provided content. Further details are necessary for a more comprehensive answer."}

{"content": "How does BP account for physical commodity contracts and their corresponding gains and losses?", "summary": "BP treats physical commodity contracts as derivatives under IFRS and records them at fair value when managed as part of a larger portfolio of similar transactions. Gains and losses arising from these contracts are recognized in the income statement from the time the derivative commodity contract is entered into."}{"content": "What is the definition of operating cash flow?", "summary": "Operating cash flow refers to the net cash provided by or used in operating activities. It represents the amount of cash generated or utilized by a company's core operations, excluding any cash flows related to financing or investing activities. It is an important metric for assessing a company's ability to generate cash from its day-to-day operations."}

{"content": "How is organic capital expenditure calculated?", "summary": "Organic capital expenditure is calculated by subtracting inorganic capital expenditure from the total capital expenditure. It represents the amount of capital expenditures made by a company that is focused on developing and maintaining its existing assets, excluding any acquisitions or investments in new businesses. It provides insight into how a company manages its funds for the growth and maintenance of its operations."}

{"content": "What is the purpose of the operating management system (OMS)?", "summary": "The purpose of the operating management system (OMS) is to help a company manage risks in its operating activities. It sets out the company's principles for good operating practice and brings together requirements on health, safety, security, environment, social responsibility, and operational reliability. The OMS ensures that the company follows standardized practices and procedures to mitigate risks and ensure operational excellence."}

{"content": "What is the definition of readily marketable inventory (RMI)?", "summary": "Readily marketable inventory (RMI) refers to inventory held by a company's integrated supply and trading function that could be sold to generate funds if needed. It includes oil and oil products for which there are liquid markets available, excluding inventory required for operational needs. RMI is reported at fair value and provides insight into the level of discretionary inventory held by the company for trading purposes."}

{"content": "How is refinery utilization calculated?", "summary": "Refinery utilization is calculated by dividing the annual throughput (in thousands of barrels per day) by the crude distillation capacity of a refinery. It measures the extent to which a refinery is being utilized to process crude oil. A higher refinery utilization indicates that the refinery is operating closer to its maximum capacity, while a lower utilization suggests that the refinery is underutilized."}

{"content": "What is the average refining net cash margin per barrel?", "summary": "The average refining net cash margin per barrel is a measure of the net margin achieved by a refinery after subtracting cash operating expenses and adding any refinery revenue from other sources. It is expressed in US dollars per barrel of net refinery input. This metric provides insight into the profitability of a refinery's operations and is influenced by factors such as crude oil prices, product yields, and operating expenses."}

{"content": "How is the reserves replacement ratio calculated?", "summary": "The reserves replacement ratio is calculated by dividing the proved reserves added to a company's reserve base during a year by the company's production for that same year. It measures the extent to which a company has replaced the hydrocarbon reserves it has produced. A ratio above 100% indicates that a company has added more reserves than it has produced, suggesting future production potential."}

{"content": "What is the growth rate of BP's organic free cash flow?", "summary": "The growth rate of BP's organic free cash flow represents the year-on-year increase in the cash generated from its core operations, excluding any cash related to Gulf of Mexico oil spill payments, and less organic capital expenditure. It indicates the company's ability to generate increasing levels of cash from its operating activities and is a key metric for evaluating its financial performance and ability to fund investments or return capital to shareholders."}

{"content": "What is the trend of BP's realizations over the past five years?", "summary": "The trend of BP's realizations over the past five years refers to the historical pattern or trajectory of the revenue generated from hydrocarbon sales, excluding revenue from purchases made for resale and royalty volumes. It assesses how the average price received for BP's hydrocarbon production has changed over time, providing insights into market conditions, pricing dynamics, and the company's ability to capture value from its production."}

{"content": "How does the return on average capital employed (ROACE) compare to industry averages?", "summary": "The return on average capital employed (ROACE) measures the profitability of a company's operations relative to the capital invested in its assets. It is calculated by dividing the company's earnings before interest and taxes (EBIT) by its average capital employed. Comparing BP's ROACE to industry averages provides a benchmark for assessing the company's performance and efficiency in generating returns from its invested capital compared to its peers in the same industry."}{"content": "Reserves replacement ratio", "summary": "The reserves replacement ratio is the extent to which the year's production has been replaced by proved reserves added to our reserve base. It includes changes resulting from discoveries, improved recovery, and extensions, but excludes changes resulting from acquisitions and disposals."}

{"content": "What is the Reserves replacement ratio?", "summary": "The reserves replacement ratio indicates the level at which the company's production has been replenished by the addition of proved reserves to its reserve base. It takes into account factors such as new discoveries, improved recovery techniques, and extensions to existing reserves. However, it does not include changes resulting from buying or selling assets."}

{"content": "Return on average capital employed", "summary": "Return on average capital employed (ROACE) is a measure of capital efficiency, calculated by dividing underlying replacement cost profit by average capital employed. It provides an indication of how effectively the company is utilizing its capital to generate profits."}

{"content": "What is the Return on average capital employed for BP?", "summary": "BP calculates its Return on Average Capital Employed (ROACE) by dividing its underlying replacement cost profit by the average capital employed. This metric allows the company to assess how efficiently it is utilizing its capital to generate profits. It is a measure that helps evaluate BP's capital efficiency."}

{"content": "Can you explain the concept of a subsidiary in the context of the BP group?", "summary": "A subsidiary, in the context of the BP group, refers to an entity that is controlled by BP. Control is defined as having the ability to affect variable returns from the entity and having power over it. BP's subsidiaries are integral parts of the BP group and are subject to its control and influence."}

{"content": "What is the concept of a subsidiary in the context of the BP group?", "summary": "A subsidiary, in the context of the BP group, is an entity that is controlled by BP. Control means having the ability to influence the entity's variable returns and exercising power over it. BP's subsidiaries are under the control and authority of BP, and they play an essential role within the BP group."}

{"content": "Tier 1 process safety events", "summary": "Tier 1 process safety events refer to incidents involving losses of primary containment from a process of significant consequence. These events may cause harm to workers, result in equipment damage, or exceed defined quantities. They are reported within BP's operational HSSE reporting boundary and include incidents at BP-operated facilities and certain other locations."}

{"content": "What are Tier 1 process safety events?", "summary": "Tier 1 process safety events are incidents that involve the loss of primary containment from a process with significant consequences. These events can lead to harm to workers, substantial damage to equipment, or exceed defined thresholds. They are reported within BP's operational HSSE reporting boundary, which includes BP-operated facilities and specific locations or situations."}

{"content": "Upstream unit production cost for BP subsidiaries", "summary": "Upstream unit production cost for BP subsidiaries is calculated as the production cost divided by units of production. It represents the cost of producing one unit of oil or gas for BP's subsidiaries, excluding ad valorem and severance taxes."}

{"content": "What is the Upstream unit production cost for BP subsidiaries?", "summary": "The Upstream unit production cost for BP subsidiaries is the cost of producing one unit of oil or gas within the Upstream segment. It is calculated by dividing the production cost by the units of production. This measure does not include ad valorem and severance taxes and provides insight into the cost efficiency of BP's subsidiaries in the Upstream sector."}

{"content": "How does the UK National Balancing Point impact the sale and purchase of UK natural gas?", "summary": "The UK National Balancing Point serves as a virtual trading location for the sale, purchase, and exchange of UK natural gas. It acts as the pricing and delivery point for the Intercontinental Exchange natural gas futures contract. The UK National Balancing Point plays a crucial role in facilitating the trading and distribution of UK natural gas, providing market participants with a standardized benchmark for pricing and delivery."}

{"content": "What is the impact of the UK National Balancing Point on the sale and purchase of UK natural gas?", "summary": "The UK National Balancing Point has a significant impact on the sale and purchase of UK natural gas. It serves as a virtual trading location where market participants can buy, sell, and exchange natural gas within the UK. It also acts as a pricing and delivery point for the Intercontinental Exchange natural gas futures contract. This benchmark facilitates efficient trading and pricing of UK natural gas, enabling market participants to transact with greater transparency and standardization."}

{"content": "Definition of wellwork in the oil and gas industry", "summary": "Wellwork in the oil and gas industry refers to activities conducted on previously completed wells with the primary objective of restoring or increasing production. It involves various operations such as maintenance, repairs, well stimulation, and interventions to improve the performance of existing wells."}

{"content": "What is the definition of wellwork in the oil and gas industry?", "summary": "Wellwork in the oil and gas industry refers to a range of activities performed on wells that have already been drilled and completed. The main purpose of wellwork is to enhance or restore the production of hydrocarbons from these wells. It includes maintenance tasks, repairs, well interventions, and stimulation techniques aimed at optimizing the performance and productivity of existing wells."}

{"content": "Growth rate of tight oil and gas production", "summary": "The growth rate of tight oil and gas production refers to the percentage increase or decrease in the production of oil and gas from reservoirs with low permeability, such as shale formations. It represents the rate at which the extraction of hydrocarbons from these unconventional resources is expanding or contracting over a specific period of time."}

{"content": "What is the growth rate of tight oil and gas production?", "summary": "The growth rate of tight oil and gas production measures the percentage change in the production of oil and gas extracted from reservoirs with low permeability, often referred to as tight formations. This metric reflects the rate at which the production from unconventional resources, such as shale formations, is increasing or decreasing over a given time frame. It provides insight into the industry's ability to access and extract hydrocarbons from these challenging reservoirs."}

{"content": "Concept of underlying production in the context of BP's operations", "summary": "Underlying production, in the context of BP's operations, refers to the measure of production after adjusting for the impact of acquisitions, divestments, and entitlements under production-sharing agreements. It provides a clearer view of BP's operational performance by removing the effects of these factors and focusing on the company's core production activities."}

{"content": "What is the concept of underlying production in the context of BP's operations?", "summary": "Underlying production, within the framework of BP's operations, refers to the production measure that excludes the impact of acquisitions, divestments, and entitlements under production-sharing agreements. This metric allows for a more accurate assessment of BP's operational performance by isolating the core production activities from the effects of these external factors."}

{"content": "West Texas Intermediate (WTI) benchmark price", "summary": "West Texas Intermediate (WTI) is a benchmark price for crude oil. It is a light sweet crude oil that is priced at Cushing, Oklahoma. The WTI benchmark price is widely used as a reference for the purchase and sale of oil in the United States and serves as an indicator of market conditions and pricing trends in the oil industry."}

{"content": "What is the West Texas Intermediate (WTI) benchmark price used for?", "summary": "The West Texas Intermediate (WTI) benchmark price is used as a reference for crude oil in the United States. It represents the price of a specific grade of light sweet crude oil traded at Cushing, Oklahoma. The WTI benchmark price is widely utilized in the oil industry to establish prices for the purchase and sale of oil in the United States. It serves as an important indicator of market conditions and pricing trends in the industry."}{"content": "What is BP's total equity in 2018?", 
"summary": "BP's total equity in 2018 was $101,548 million."}

{"content": "What was the return on average capital employed (ROACE) for BP in 2017?", 
"summary": "The return on average capital employed (ROACE) for BP in 2017 was 5.8%."}

{"content": "Can you provide an overview of BP's business activities?", 
"summary": "BP is involved in various business activities including exploration, production, refining, distribution, and marketing of oil and gas products. They also have an integrated supply and trading function to manage inventory. BP operates across the globe and engages in both upstream and downstream activities."}

{"content": "What was the net profit (loss) before interest and tax for BP in 2017?", 
"summary": "The net profit before interest and tax for BP in 2017 was $9,474 million."}

{"content": "What was the growth rate of BP's underlying RC profit from 2014 to 2018?", 
"summary": "The growth rate of BP's underlying RC profit from 2014 to 2018 was as follows: 63.70 (2018), 31.31 (2017), 13.79 (2016), 32.22 (2015), and 66.00 (2014)."}

{"content": "What are the major risk factors affecting BP's business?", 
"summary": "Some major risk factors affecting BP's business include volatility in oil and gas prices, geopolitical tensions, regulatory changes, environmental concerns, competition, and technological advancements. BP also faces risks related to health, safety, and the environment in its operations."}

{"content": "How much was the taxation charge (credit) on non-operating items and fair value accounting effects in 2014?", 
"summary": "The taxation charge (credit) on non-operating items and fair value accounting effects in 2014 was -$22.69 million."}

{"content": "What was the trend in BP's effective tax rate from 2014 to 2018?", 
"summary": "The trend in BP's effective tax rate from 2014 to 2018 was as follows: 38% (2018), 38% (2017), 23% (2016), 31% (2015), and 36% (2014)."}

{"content": "Can you provide an overview of BP's capitalization and indebtedness?", 
"summary": "BP's total equity in 2018 was $101,548 million, and their gross debt was $65,799 million. The average capital employed, excluding goodwill and cash equivalents, was $129,586 million. BP's capital structure includes a combination of equity and debt financing."}

{"content": "What was the readily marketable inventory (RMI) at fair value for BP in 2017?", 
"summary": "The readily marketable inventory (RMI) at fair value for BP in 2017 was $4,202 million."}{"content": "Where can the BP Annual Report and Form 20-F 2018 be downloaded from?", "summary": "The BP Annual Report and Form 20-F 2018 can be downloaded from bp.com/annualreport."}

{"content": "What are the key global energy trends according to the Statistical Review of World Energy 2019?", "summary": "The Statistical Review of World Energy 2019 provides an objective review of key global energy trends. It can be accessed at bp.com/statisticalreview."}

{"content": "How could technology influence the way we meet the energy challenge in the future?", "summary": "Technology has the potential to greatly influence the way we meet the energy challenge in the future. To explore this topic further, you can visit bp.com/technologyoutlook."}

{"content": "What is the primary share listing of BP?", "summary": "The primary share listing of BP is on the London Stock Exchange. BP's securities are also traded on the New York Stock Exchange (NYSE) in the form of ADSs and on the Frankfurt, Hamburg, and Dusseldorf Stock Exchanges in the form of a global depositary certificate representing BP ordinary shares."}

{"content": "What is the growth rate of BP's greenhouse gas emissions?", "summary": "Specific information regarding the growth rate of BP's greenhouse gas emissions is not provided in the given content."}

{"content": "What are BP's low carbon ambitions?", "summary": "BP has set low carbon ambitions to contribute to the energy transition. To learn more about BP's low carbon ambitions, you can visit bp.com/energytransition."}

{"content": "What is the name of the company's parent company?", "summary": "BP p.l.c. is the parent company of the BP group of companies."}

{"content": "What are BP's sustainability performance details?", "summary": "Specific sustainability performance details of BP are not provided in the given content. However, you can find information about BP's sustainability performance at bp.com/sustainability."}

{"content": "How is the energy world changing?", "summary": "The energy world is undergoing significant changes. To explore how the energy world is changing and BP's role in the transition, you can visit bp.com/energytransition."}

{"content": "Where can printed publications of BP be ordered from?", "summary": "Printed publications of BP can be ordered free of charge from bp.com/papercopies or by contacting BP Distribution Services at +44 (0)870 241 3269."}